"Champions of Azeroth : Assist Magni by completing 4 Azerite world quests."
"The Heart of Azeroth : Our world's dyin', <name>. Sargeras's sword has cut deep. Her pain is drivin' the elements into a frenzy!  I can hear Azeroth's voice, but she needs more than her speaker.  She needs her champion.  Far below us lies an ancient titan vault called the Chamber of Heart. I sense she wishes tae speak tae ye there.  Come with me into the chamber. It may be our only chance tae save her!"
"Delegation : I am duty-bound to look into your claims immediately, <race>, which means my mission here now must fall to you.A surge of ancient magic, far too strong to have occurred naturally, drew me here. I have since discovered a most troubling development.A bough from Nordrassil has been ripped from the tree and taken deep into the Firelands. There, a powerful ritual threatens to corrupt Nordrassil, consuming it in flame.You must find a way to interrupt the ritual and reclaim the World Tree's branch."
"They Grow Up So Fast : I think this little fellow will be a good match for you.This cub is going to require a lot of attention to ensure that he grows up strong and healthy. You should check up on your cub at least once each day. Feeding and caring for your Winterspring cub is the best way to build a bond of trust with him.As your cub grows, he will shed his old whiskers and grow new ones appropriate to his size. Once your cub has shed twenty whiskers, bring him back to me along with some materials for your saddle."
"Legion: The Legion Returns : Heroes of the Alliance, I write to you in Azeroth's darkest hour. From the maw of hell, the burning armies of the Legion have returned.  Our fleets depart for the Broken Isles at once. As a grand lance, we will pierce the Legion's lines and drive them back to the nether that spawned them.  Your ship awaits in the Stormwind Harbor, make haste."
"A Dying World : Champion. Magni Bronzebeard needs your help.  Azeroth is dying. Before this war, a massive demon called Sargeras stabbed the planet with a sword.  Our planet cries out in pain while the Horde and Alliance fight amongst each other.  Magni Bronzebeard believes you can help heal the planet's wounds.  Meet him in Silithus. He has set up camp where Sargeras's sword impacted our world."
"The Art of War : Lok'tar Ogar, old friend. It has been too long since last we spoke.It is good to see that you emerged safely from the depths of Vashj'ir.I am stationed here in Grommash Hold.All in service to the Horde are to swear allegiance to their new Warchief.You would do well not to keep him waiting, <name>."
"Toxic Tolerance : You want to ride a Venomhide? Then I've got bad news for you.The Venomhide Ravasaurs, they're all poison: Poison blood, poison spit, poison skin. You climb on one, you fall off dead in a few hours.You'd have to build up a resistance to their toxins before I sold you one, and that takes a long, LONG time... you'd need to be splashed with poisonous blood while fighting one numerous times. If you're really interested, the venomhides prefer the northern area of the Marshlands, northwest of here."
"Battle for Azeroth: Mission Statement : The warchief has requested to meet with you in person.  Lady Sylvanas was impressed with the prowess and courage you displayed during our mission to Exile's Reach.   Now that you've arrived, I will make the introduction."
"The Ritual Bond : I will tend to Grimclaw until his rest is done - he will be ready to return very soon. I have one more task for you while we wait... a favor to grant you, really, should you recognize it.The great wildlife spirits roam around us waiting and hoping for someone that will aid in stopping the destruction. They are with us as we speak even now, and with the materials  you brought me, I can grant you sight. Speak to these spirits, choose one, and return to me with their blessing."
"Hero's Call: Mount Hyjal! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Emissary Windsong at Nighthaven in Moonglade.Our brothers in the Cenarion Circle report that Deathwing's minions have launched a destructive offensive against the world tree and threaten to burn it to the ground!Speak with Cenarion Emissary Jademoon in Stormwind Keep to gain entry into Moonglade.For the glory and honor of the Alliance! Fight on, <brother/sister>!"
"Battle for Azeroth: Hour of Reckoning : Champions of the Alliance,   At last the time has come for us to reclaim what is rightfully ours! Our final push to retake Lordaeron Keep shall commence at dawn.   The Horde and their Warchief must answer for their crimes!"
"Machines of War : Far to the east the ""Worldbreakers"" lay hidden in the Twilight Highlands. We must end their threat and we will do it with the most powerful army ever!  Our new allies, the goblins, are making us new machines of war but I hear that there are problems with the quality. We can't fight with broken war machines. Speak to Foreman Glibbs and make sure our machines are ready for battle."
"Security! : It's not as like I haven't got enough to think about here!Keeping this place operational is hard enough without constant elf and draenei harassment.Now, on top of everything, there's an assassin lurking around the camp who's killed an important diplomat... on my watch!Whoever it is couldn't have gotten far, <class>. Scour the camp until you find her and then avenge the diplomat!At least I can bring the assassin's head with me when I have to answer to Hellscream."
"Just a Fancy Cockroach : Evidently, the ancient statues were home to various species of scarab.Determined to leave this site in the best condition possible, you resolve to ridding the chamber of these pests."
"Light Camera Action : Oh, hi! Isn't this a great shot? I love my S.E.L.F.I.E. camera!  Do you want me to make you one, too? I only need a few parts!  For the strap, I'll need a Russet Belt from one of the armor merchants in Stormwind.  I've already ordered more housings, you're welcome to take one, you just have to find where my shipment ended up!  Oh, and a Standard Scope, most any engineer can make you one of those.  Ok, are you ready for a little photography action?!"
"The Battle for Lordaeron : King Wrynn has mustered our forces, <name>. We mean to launch a full-scale assault on Lordaeron.  We'll drive the Horde from the keep and reclaim it for the Alliance. It's been far too long since our flag flew in Tirisfal.  Ready to ship out? Captain Angelica here will see to your transport."
"Elementary! : <You can't read the text, but diagrams seem to indicate that the devices around you should be activated in a set order.><One passage of the Apocrypha has been translated to modern text:>   In the beginning was shadow eternal.   Hate blazed forth, and FIRE was born.   Wounds scabbed, and so begat EARTH.   Cries of anguish birthed howling WIND.   Wherein the skies wept seas of TEARS.      We live in the shadow,      The world we know   Built of rage, hurt, anguish and sorrow."
"The Grimtotem Weapon : During the last Grimtotem attack, I was wounded, but not before I managed to capture a curious totem our enemies were using against us.It seemed to be emitting raw bolts of energy during the battle, but in all my experiments, I haven't managed to figure out how it works. I'll loan the totem to you if you agree to help me test it.The watery areas surrounding the farm are home to pesky mottled drywallow crocolisks and drywallow daggermaws. Try fighting the crocolisks near the totem."
"The Hopeless Ones... : On a ledge of the reef, deeper than where you found the bloodcursed naga, you will find the hopeless ones: The bloodcursed voyagers, ghosts of those taken by the bloodcurse.It is regrettable, what I ask of you now... but they must be destroyed and their cursed shells brought back to me.Their souls must be put to rest. Return to me when you have done as asked and I shall give you one final task."
"Supplies from the Uldum Accord : The Uldum Accord appreciates all the help you've given us.  Please take these supplies as a token of our gratitude, and a promise of more to come, should you continue to help us."
"Fel To Pieces : The infernals that lurk in Shatter Scar Vale are formidable, but not invincible. Much progress has been made in thinning their numbers.Destroying them is only part of the solution, however. I've found that the stone that infernals are made of still contains large amounts of fel magic even after the infernal's death.The rubble of slain infernals now litters Shatter Scar Vale, leeching its corruption back into the ground. If you could collect it and bring it to me, I would be grateful."
"Stalling the Survey : These maps have all been drawn by the same steady hand. I've seen a human surveyor heading up and down the road between the hold and the jungle to the east.We can set their plans back by making an example out of this surveyor, <name>.<Kilrok points to the signature at the bottom of the maps.>What do you think that says? ""Zykes?"" Even human names sound thin and weak. Kill him."
"My Own Drone : The saddle is complete. I can't say I enjoyed working with that corrupted metal, but in the end I can easily say this is the finest saddle I have ever crafted.  I know it looks... aggressive, but I assure you that your aqir will find it quite comfortable.  I hope it serves you well."
"Warchief's Command: Mount Hyjal! : All able-bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Emissary Windsong at Nighthaven in Moonglade.Our brothers in the Cenarion Circle report that Deathwing's minions have launched a destructive offensive against the world tree and threaten to burn it to the ground!Speak with Cenarion Emissary Blackhoof to gain entry into Moonglade. Blackhoof is located at the tauren district in the Valley of Wisdom in Orgrimmar.Onward, <brother/sister>! Destiny calls!"
"Adventurers Wanted: Chromie's Call : Chromie is seeking veteran adventurers to embark on expeditions through time and space.This is your opportunity to experience the legendary adventures of the past--today!Speak with Chromie near the Stormwind Embassy for more information."
"Farewell, Minnow : Thank you, little one.Sometimes it's easy to get lost in the throes of love and lose sight of things, even as a dragon. I plan to rededicate myself entirely to making sure Kalec never steps up to take Malygos' place. It's the most noble cause I can think of.You should head back to the harbor. I believe someone's waiting for you there.Try not to get squashed or eaten by anything."
"The Stormwind Extraction : My lady is shrewd indeed. If we are to infiltrate Stormwind City, we will need the very best the Horde has to offer, and yet a team so small as to be able to infiltrate the heart of Alliance territory unseen.  <Nathanos peers at the gathered group, stroking his chin.>  Yes, I see.  The path ahead is clear. Speak to me when you are ready to undertake the Warchief's mission, <name>."
"Proving Pit : Ya done quite well for ya'self, <class>. I'm sure I could teach ya a trick or two here and dere, but I not be wastin' ya time on tiki targets no longer.l put one last trial before ya den, mon. Head over to da provin' pit in the middle of dis area and fight a real baddy - one dat wants ta kill ya back. Just let the jailor by the pit know when ya ready."
"Down From the Sky : The archers of Ramkahen are highly skilled, but the bows of the Amathet have the advantage of range. This makes our incursions into their territory highly dangerous.  You have a knack for fighting behind enemy lines. If you could thin out their ranks, it could provide us an opportunity to push their lines back for once.  Will you help?"
"Rider on the Storm : You cannot help but to feel a twinge of pride, having unlocked this long lost secret of the ancient worshippers of Elune.You now possess the power to inflict great damage upon your enemy.As it was Furien's tireless work that made this possible, it only seems right that the weapon should be unleashed upon those who took his life.The Alliance scum at Nijel's Point shall pay for their offenses against the Horde!"
"Open Their Eyes : Before you go...I've taken advantage of my ""alone time"" with Impsy here to learn some interesting facts about imps. Specifically, he ended up telling me the one thing that all imps fear most. Something they're absolutely terrified of.I thought that sounded useful as well as interesting, so I've done some basic conjuring. This prism will project an image of... well, of what Impsy described.Shadowlurk Ridge is still swarming with imps. Why don't you go test their reaction for me?"
"The Eye of the Storm : Greetings, hero of Azeroth.We of the Earthen Ring know you by name, <name>.Your exploits and accomplishments are many. Azeroth already stands in your debt, and yet again she is in need of her heroes.I am but a messenger. A powerful presence seeks audience with you.Peer into the Waters of Farseeing and behold the dilemma of our world."
"All Aboard! : You hear all of that, <name>? There are Alliance that need killing and I need to round up a veteran crew.You're coming with me!We won't be returning until our assignment's complete, so round up your things and make ready.I'll be aboard a newly commissioned gunship over Bladefist Bay.Don't keep me waiting!"
"Corrosion Prevention : Just look at this area! It's swarming with oozes. If I don't find some way to keep them under control, they'll corrode the wreckage and the zeppelin's cargo!I can't go back empty-handed, <class>! Help me dissolve these oozes before they've digested everything!This device, when powered, will concentrate energy on the slimes, causing them to explode. The zeppelin's fragmented power core should power the device. The one near the main crash works all the time, but the others flicker on and off."
"A Legendary Engagement : I expected that I would find you here, <class>. But then, we of the bronze flight have somewhat of an advantage when it comes to such things.<Coridormi smiles.>For reasons unknown to me, my master seeks audience with you.I would counsel you not to take this invitation lightly, <name>. Anachronos seldom has cause to interact with mortals. Wisdom would dictate that you seek him out in the Caverns of Time at once.Speak to me when you are ready and I shall personally deliver you."
"Due Reward : You have served me well these past few minutes we've spent together - minutes I shall not soon forget.I believe a reward befitting your unwavering loyalty is in order. You will have the distinct honor of placing Twinkles' favorite toy by his grave in honor of his memory.Please, please - save your thanks for Twinkles; it is not every day that we may honor a horse made of STARS."
"Aessina's Miracle : <The finger-like branches of one of Nordu's burning limbs part, revealing an untouched, glimmering seed.>This is the Heart of the Forest. The seed of life.Take this to your Arch Druid at Aessina's Grove - Hamuul Runetotem will know how to invoke its power. I promise you, the wilderness spirit will be silent no longer. New life will bloom from the ashes of old.Thank you, <race>. My time is done."
"Weapons of Mass Dysfunction : <Glibbs mops sweat from his brow with a greasy handkerchief.>Saurfang isn't happy with our work? This is very bad. My boys need to step it up.Maybe you can help set an example. A set of Hellscream Demolishers just rolled off the blocks and are ready for inspection. Give them a thorough going-over, and if you find any problems, give the Chief Engineer a good thrashing. Remind them that the Horde is depending upon them!"
"Learn to Ride in Darnassus : This pamphlet advertising riding training and mount purchases was sent from Jartsam.Jartsam can be found at the Cenarion Enclave in Darnassus."
"While You're Here : The Maraudine have raided the Gelkis camps for many years, stealing anything they could get their hands on.One of their favorite torments is to take these relics of power which the Gelkis hold sacred, and bring them here to be defiled.The Gelkis clan would certainly be grateful if you were to find and destroy these defiled artifacts."
"Your Time Has Come : <A pleasant image fills your mind's eye as a calm voice echoes through your being.>Young <class>, be still and hear my words.I am called to collect you, to deliver you, to one whose eye none can escape.Find me in Stormwind, mortal, for your time has come."
"Touch the Untouchable : I've added a drop of my very own essence to the ooze. Look for a glowing sigil to the west, at the edge of Shadowlurk Ridge. Stand on it, concentrate, and pour this stuff all over yourself. It should be enough to shift you into the nether and let you see what's REALLY there.You won't be alone... the satyr's treasure is being guarded by the biggest voidstalker they could summon. Defeat him, and the treasure is yours.And come back in one piece, or this crazy broad's gonna fry me!"
"Druid of the Claw : After examining this charm, <name>, I see now what must be done. Please take it, and do as I ask.You are to approach the door to the nearby chamber. Inside, you will find my soulless body... Although I regret what I am about to tell you, I see no other way to free myself from the control of the Gnarlpine.In order for me to escape them, you must kill my physical form.  Once that is done, use the voodoo charm on my fallen body. After you have completed this task, please return to me."
"Find OOX-17/TN! : You have uncovered some sort of strange, egg-shaped device made from metal.  Fiddling with one of its knobs springs the egg to life, as it opens up into some sort of gnomish robotic contraption!  A voice from inside the robotic egg crackles to life.""The name's Oglethorpe, and my homing robot has gone missing!  I will reward you for its recovery!  Please take this beacon to the robot.  Excellent, I now have computed the coordinates for you!  It crashed near the Gaping Chasm in Tanaris!"""
"Dahlia's Tears : In this dark time, I'll not be the one to abandon a champion of the Light.We will need something sacred for this to have a hope of saving your Bridenbrad... a remnant of a devout being that fell victim to this very same plague.Go now to the sacred soil of the passages outside my Ruby Dragonshrine where the battle is joined. As my Ruby Keepers fly down and set flame to the ground beneath undead feet, you will witness new life grow forth. Among that life are Dahlia's Tears - bring them to me."
"The Bears Up There : Do not fear the bears in this grove, <class> - I have pacified them for the moment.My concern at present is for the welfare of the bear cubs. The fires drove the little ones up the trees, where they've gotten stuck. We've got to get those bears safely to the ground!Flying creatures frighten them, so you'll have to climb the trees yourself. Look for footholds at the trunks. Climb the trees, grab the bear cubs, and toss them - GENTLY! - onto the target here.Nothing can go wrong with this plan."
"The Offering to Azshara : The warlord said the horn of the ancients was being offered to Azshara above Nazj'vel.Perhaps it's not too late to save the ancient relic from being destroyed."
"Protect the World Tree : <Ysera's eyes look distant, as if not fully acknowledging you.>I feel it as well, <class>. Ragnaros has arrived.We must defeat his minions before he can join them and lend them his strength.Seek Malfurion Stormrage at the Tranquil Grove, west of here, and aid his forces in any way you can.I must seek answers from within the Emerald Dream.  You must protect the World Tree until I return."
"Traitors! : Please, stranger.  You must help me.I came here to investigate the arrival of a powerful ally to the Neferset, only to be betrayed by my closest allies and given up to the enemy.Go to the terrace above us to the east and find the information I failed to uncover.  You'll need to hide from the Neferset.  Perhaps you can hide behind one of the large plants on the platform to conceal your presence.Do this for me and I will help your friends find their way to safety."
"Finding Your Way : Stormwind has a lot to offer adventurers like us, but it's far too big to explore on foot. The captain has arranged for you to receive a mount to help you get around.  She said to speak with Curly at the stables in Old Town... but I can't seem to remember the way there.  Have no worries, <name>! All we need to do is ask a guard for directions. If you ever need help finding something, the city guards will show you where to go.  Let's ask a nearby guard for directions to the stable master in Old Town!"
"Gurtar's Request : I have a bit of a personal request for you, <class>.It has been many moons since I have seen my love, Draaka. It will be many more before we are able to be together again. I fear that as time passes, her love for me will wane.This braid has special meaning to the two of us, as do Thorned Bloodcups, the flower of this region.I ask that you pluck the flowers and weave them into this twine, then present the gift to Draaka on my behalf."
"The Root of All Evil : <name>, thanks to you we have devised a way to summon forth the root of all evil for the Winterfall tribe - the corrupting demon that dominates them!Take this torch to the mouth of Grolnar's personal cave and plant it there.  Doing so will force the demon to reveal itself and investigate.  This is when you and your allies must strike it down!  Only the essence of the fallen demon will begin the lengthy healing process of the Winterfall tribe... and the salvation of Timbermaw Hold."
"Echeyakee : Whitemist, or 'Echeyakee' in the tauren tongue, is the king of the savannah cats. He hunts with such stealth, they say he's like a thin, white mist on the earth. He kills so fast his prey have no time for fear or pain.The tauren say he is both mercy and death.<name>, I now set you on the path to hunt Echeyakee. His lair is just northwest of here, on the north side of a small mountain, among the bones of giant Kodo.Go. Blow this horn when you reach his lair. Blow the horn, and he will come."
"Banner of the Stonemaul : When the dragons came and took over Brogg's old home, Stonemaul ogres fled and left everything behind, including clan's banner.Brogg knows banner was kept deep in Stonemaul ogre mound, but these days it's called Den of Flame. Brogg must have clan banner to get his revenge on dragons who killed his friends.Brogg's clan's old mound, Den of Flame, is northwest of Mudsprocket and crawling with dragonkin. Banner will be deep inside the cave. Be careful, <name>."
"The Ancient Brazier : What do we have here? A <race>? Come to steal our land with your honeyed tongue and promises?You do not fool me. I have lived a long time, and I know what dealing with your kind means. But the khans do not listen to their elders like they used to.Since you are here, I will put you to use. When the waters rushed in, the great water spirit, Aquarian, doused the Ancient Brazier deep inside of Splithoof Hold.Use this brand to reignite the brazier. Aquarian is sure to come. Bring me the Sacred Flame."
"Secondhand Diving Gear : There's plenty of wreckage strewn across the bottom of the water from here to Alcaz, and the Defias have already got divers out there looking around. With the help of some of their gear, we can get you suited up and ready to join the hunt, but you'll have to do some creative ""borrowing"" first.Search this island for a crate of diving gear and something to repair it with. When you've got them, bring them to me and I'll have your gear ready in no time!"
"Hero's Call: Uldum! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Adarrah at Thistleshrub Valley in Tanaris.Be one of the first to enter glorious Uldum and claim its treasures in honor of the Alliance!You can reach Adarrah's caravan by traveling to the western reaches of Tanaris.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Walking the Dog : Hmmmphh.... it seems they'll let anyone in these days.Very well.  You doubtlessly became acquainted with Smolderos in the proving grounds.Well, I've been entrusted with the care of one of his pups.  Quite the little terror -- if he grows up to be anything like his father he shall serve our cause well.Collect meat from the basilisks around the area and feed them to him."
"To Be Prepared : Allies from across Azeroth have come to Stormwind to support our efforts against the Burning Legion.  Before you ship out, you should pay them a visit. Every bit of preparation helps!"
"Azsharite Experiment Number One : Well, I can think of one surefire way to send a giant running to the bathroom, but you're not going to like it. What we need is a ... massive ... laxative. Oh hey! Would you believe the gnomes have something of the sort? That can't be a coincidence. I wonder what they're trying to push through over there?Our intelligence reports that the laxative was delivered to Gadgetspring's tower, down on the shoreline south of the Secret Lab. Retrieve that laxative and feed it to Gormungan!"
"Void Incubation : Well one thing is for certain with this egg, it requires great amounts of void energy in order to thrive.   It is fortunate for us that an Old God is attacking Azeroth at this very moment, yes?  No? Oh...  In any case, there should be an abundance of void energy wherever N'Zoth's minions strike. You should head out and find some."
"Recover the Cargo! : Well, I was able to make enough repairs to this gear to let you dive for awhile, anyway. I wouldn't count on it holding out for a long time, though.The wreckage of the ship is strewn along the bottom from the east coast of this island out toward Alcaz Island. While that helm holds out, locate pieces of the wreckage on the bottom between this island and Alcaz. Use this salvage kit to search the wreckage for pieces of the cargo. Be careful not to venture too close to Alcaz Island. Those hydra are fierce."
"Counterattack! : The Horde commends your successes against the Kolkar, but the Kolkar themselves are maddened.  I have reports that a contingent of Kolkar has traveled to the Barrens from their home in Desolace, to seek vengeance.  My latest report was that, even now, they move against these bunkers, from the west!Face the Kolkar invaders, and end their threat in the Barrens.  Kill them until their leader, Warlord Krom'zar, appears.  Defeat him and bring me a piece of his banner as proof.We're counting on you, <name>."
"Maatparm Mushroom Menagerie : Did you know mushroom hunting is far more dangerous than mushroom consumption? Mushroom hunters expose themselves to many unknowns - not including potential wildlife dangers!What would life be without a little danger? I am in need of mushrooms for my collection. Scattered throughout these unexplored wilds you will find four different types: An aquatic stinkhorn, a blood mushroom, a ruinous polyspore, and a fel cone fungus. They are each unique to various regions in Bloodmyst. Bring them to me."
"Dread Head Redemption : I sense that Durak is more than he seems. Demonic power is dangerous and it is easy to fall to its corruption - even for a trained warlock.   I do not trust him, <name>.  Find this Durak and tell him that the Horde will have nothing to do with him."
"Unfamiliar Waters : The Warchief has designs to launch an all-out assault on the Twilight Highlands. Once there we hope to ally with the Dragonmaw orcs.Through my own sources I've discovered that a Dragonmaw orc resides here, in Orgrimmar. He is known as Herezegor Flametusk, and once he commanded legions of their warriors.His insider knowledge is precious to us. Find Flametusk and obtain for us a chart of the Twilight Highlands waterways.Last I hear, Flametusk was washed up at a bar in the Valley of Honor..."
"Keep Your Friends Close : The Legion is bold indeed to strike at the Horde's stronghold! You aided our defense, but now I have a more important task for you.It seems the demon hunters will play a crucial part in this war... but I still don't trust them. You will be my envoy to the Illidari. Learn what they know. Study their techniques. If they betray us, we'll use their own knowledge against them.Their camp lies atop the plateau in the city. Go. Nathanos and I will clean up this mess."
"Learn to Ride at the Exodar : This pamphlet advertising riding training and mount purchases was sent from Aalun.Aalun can be found at the entrance to the Exodar on Azuremyst Isle."
"A Prayer and a Wing : A winged visage? Could it be...?<name>, there's no time to waste. You may have been speaking to Aviana herself, trying to return to us.I'll need something from Aviana's past to reach out to her. High atop the ridge overlooking this shrine, you'll find a series of huge nests belonging to Blaithe, an ancient bird of prey that was once her consort. For ten thousand years he's been mad with grief.Go to one of his roosts, and use this call to summon him. Kill Blaithe and bring me one of his feathers."
"Twilight Skies : I just got word from Orgrimmar that the Warchief wants us to move out. We wouldn't have been ready if it wasn't for your help!The plan is for the air fleet to take off immediately, and for the navy to follow close behind. Hellscream will be accompanying the air fleet and specifically requested that you come along with us.No time to delay! Go to the Southern Rocketway Terminus here in Azshara, and check in with Friz Groundspin. I'll bring the zeppelin around to pick you up."
"To the Rescue! : You're coming with me, <name>.There's no one else that I can spare, and we cannot afford for Splintertree to be lost.Prepare yourself, and speak to me again when you are ready."
"Feegly the Exiled : Saddest story I ever heard told, <name>. Feegly was one of our fastest diggers, until he got a hold of that - thing. ""The Tear of the Moons"" we called it. It changed him. Remade him. I wish it had stayed buried.Feegly was banished from Bael Modan but I've heard reports he's come sniffing around the dig site again. He's suffered enough, the wretched thing. If you find him down there, put ol' Feegly out of his misery."
"Nat's Bargain : So you found a copy of Dastardly Denizens of the Deep, did you? Well, I can tell you from experience, it's all true. I've even seen a few of 'em with my own eyes.But you want to know about Tethyr.  I said I'd make you a deal, so here's what I want you to do. I'm working on a new line of baits, but I haven't tested this one yet.Just take this paste -- yeah, it smells a little foul -- smear it on yourself, and swim into the deep part of Tidefury Cove to the southwest. Let me know how it works!"
"True Power of the Rod : Now, take the rod and while using its power, speak with my brother, Ota Wen.Ota is amongst the other furbolg that the orcs have captured and have penned in the giant cage on the north side of Silverwind Refuge. The rod will allow you to convince Ota and the other furbolg to rise up and attack the Horde.Then you may go wherever your path leads you. Just know that you have found a new friend for that which you have done."
"The Trial of Fire : The Trial of Fire... oooh... sounds intimidating, doesn't it? No? Hm. Well I kind of thought so. Firsts are first, you touch the fire crystal and the portal to the trial opens.To beat this trial, you have to hop around in the fire runes without getting hit by the fire. If you stay unflamed long enough, you win!There are little signs to help you - fire hopping to its new rune, fizzles when a rune goes cold. You can figure that stuff out if you want. Or just guess! That's what most people do."
"The Theramore Docks : <name>, two of our spies were sent to steal documents from a ship at the Theramore docks.  They gained the papers but were discovered, and were forced to throw the documents into the sea.One spy later escaped, but was unable to recover the prize.  He reported his failure to me, and I now charge the task to you.The documents are in a footlocker, in the waters somewhere beneath the Theramore docks.  Find those documents, <name>, and bring them to me."
"Big Bad Beetle : It could do our hatchling some good to face off against another aqir, to learn what his kind are capable of.  I have found an opponent who could provide a challenging fight."
"Escape From the Lost City : Everything is ready!  Undo my chains and set your friends free.We must move quickly before the Neferset scum realize we're up to something!If we make it, see my brother, King Phaoris for a reward."
"Easy Money : Well, hello there!Whatever brought you, I'm so glad that you're here! My friends will never admit to it, but we could really use a hand.The ancient region of Uldum has been exposed! Treasures beyond your wildest dreams, free for the taking!We just need a bit of an escort, what with the bandits and all...You'll accompany us, won't you?You're welcome to all the loot you can haul off!"
"The Battle for Darkshore : The ancients of the grove have come to our aid, <name>.  I can see through their eyes even as we speak.The Twilight's Hammer has been forced to hasten their ritual and have thus only managed to resurrect but a remnant of dread Soggoth.Destroy it before it's too late, <name>.  I am needed elsewhere.Return to the druids at the Grove of the Ancients when it is all over they will direct you further."
"A Great Idea : Now that we've got a good pile of fresh chunks, we just tie it to this rope...and now you're ready to go catch me a silithid.What? Don't give me that look, it's perfectly safe. Well, mostly safe. Okay, you might die painfully. But it'll be easy! Just throw this meat out there, wait for a bug to pounce on it, and then drag 'em back here by the rope!Go after one of the swarmers. I haven't seen the other ones go for hyenas before, and you should find plenty of swarmers around the edge of the pit."
"Vorsha the Lasher : Vorsha the Lasher... the fiendish hydra that roams the seas...She has attacked our outpost, each time unprovoked, laying waste to anything that falls in her path.But I am ready, <name>. I have prepared to best the hydra and end these attacks on Zoram'gar.The naga honor the wicked nature of this beast with a brazier that remains lit on an island just off the coast. I believe that if we put it out, Vorsha will appear in anger.We will need help, so be sure to bring some strong allies."
""
"Get Them While They're Young : I can teach you to ride a Winterspring frostsaber, but it takes time and dedication. For this to work, both saber and rider must be highly trained and both must share a bond of deep trust.The cubs are only receptive to this training if they're introduced to their riders at a young age. Some of the cubs in the dens surrounding Frostsaber Rock are at the proper age to begin their training. If you help me gather the most promising of those cubs, I'll allow you to begin training with your own cub."
"The Last Wave of Survivors : It's too late for Laird, he didn't make it in time.The last wave of night elves from Auberdine attempted to escape a couple of hours ago. They stayed in their old home, clinging to the hope that it could be salvaged, but it seems they were finally forced out. I fear many of them won't make it, like Laird did not.Quickly, go down the coast to the west and find any survivors that you can. We're sending Sentinels and Hippogryphs down, but every moment counts - we need to know which ones might make it."
"A Prisoner of Interest : The Twilight's Hammer wants to free Fandral Staghelm?Malfurion suspected his corruption ran deep... this just cements it.At any rate we cannot allow our enemies to get their hands on such a powerful arch druid.I've a plan, <name>.  We will move the prisoner through the Emerald Dream.  It will be risky, but with all the cultists present here it might be the only way to guarantee our success.Speak to Saynna Stormrunner inside the Barrow Dens to the northeast."
"The Grimtotem Plot : With the activities of the Grimtotems in Thousand Needles brought to light, many tauren now regard them with suspicion.  We've seen high-ranking Grimtotems engage in murder and kidnapping to advance their interests and I fear we may become their next target.Blackhoof Village, to the northeast, near Bluefen, is a large new Grimtotem settlement. Their leaders, the elders, will all have orders from Thunder Bluff. See if you can capture the orders and piece them together to learn the Grimtotems' plans."
"King of the Foulweald : My research has paid off.I believe that with a show of force, we can diminish the furbolgs' aggressiveness.Take this banner a short ways northeast and place it on their totem mound. They will try to destroy the banner, but hold your ground until their chief, Murgut, appears to save face for the tribe.  Bring me the totem he carries.Gather your allies, <name>. This is no task for a single <class>."
"It's a Sabotage : The Horde has wasted no time in shamelessly extracting this mysterious ore from the great wound.  Luckily for us, goblin engineering is not nearly as sophisticated as what we create in Gnomeregan! All it takes is a little bit of old fashioned dynamite to completely disable a goblin shredder.  What unsophisticated machinery!  Take these dynamite bundles and plant them on the inactive shredders around the mining camp.  It'll take those greedy goblins weeks to get back up and running again!"
"Traitor's Bait : The Twilight's Hammer agents still lurk within the confines of Orgrimmar. I need someone I trust to collect the final evidence of treachery.  <Eitrigg pulls you aside.>  I suspect that Sauranok the Mystic is involved. I need you to uncover the truth, <name>.  The Twilight's Hammer has placed their agents within the ranks of the workers at the airship docks to spread their lies across the land. Speak with them. If you find evidence of Sauranok's guilt then show him what happens to traitors of the Horde."
"As Hyjal Burns : <name>!  We've heard much about you and your previous accomplishments.It is good that you've come here just as Azeroth finds itself in a time of great need.Deathwing's minions are attacking Hyjal and seek to bring the destructive Ragnaros back into our world.Aronus will take you to join Malfurion's forces in Hyjal. Lend them what help you can."
"Good News... and Bad News : <Blackhorn used the power of Thol'embaar's remains to slip his bonds. But at least the inferno seems to be subsiding.><Matoclaw will want to know what happened here. She's waiting for you back at the Grove of Aessina.>"
"Into the Raptor's Den : The hunt deepens, <name>. Now you must find and defeat your prey within its lair.Hunt the Sunscale raptors to the south, where they have built a warren amongst the hills just off of the road. Slay them and remove the feathers they wear. Place the feathers on the sunscale raptor nests to show their brethren you do not fear them!Be cautious, <class>. Raptors hunt in packs and will swarm you if you are not cautious."
"Where Is My Warfleet? : The Highlands are the home of the Dragonmaw orcs. If we show them our might they would ally with us against the Twilight's Hammer. I am certain!  The fleet is gathering at Bilgewater Port in Azshara but there are reports of delays. You did good getting the goblins to work, I need your skills here too. Find Warlord Krogg in Azshara and see what is taking so long."
"The Battle for Broken Shore : The third fleet has shipped out ahead of us, <name>. This gryphon will bring you to them.  Good luck out there. It's clear the Legion isn't going to make this easy, but let's hope King Varian has matters well in hand."
"Tailgunner! : Okay, I've softened this guy up, how about you help me finish him off?I've got a plan for our escape, but it'll require a lot of guts and a little luck.You up for it, <name>?Just follow my lead..."
"The Burning Blade : I've been sent to investigate the presence of more Burning Blade agents here in Durotar.  To the northeast, you'll find a cave where the organization trains their new recruits.  I'm interested in what exactly they are teaching these neophytes.I only tell you this because you seem to be looking for work.  If you're interested in a little coin, sack the cave and return with their spellscrolls.The cave is somewhat hidden: exit Razor Hill from the east, and follow the canyon's eastern ridge."
"Drag it Out of Them : It is our instinct to simply lash out at our attackers, but wisdom dictates another path. We should interrogate one of these quilboar invaders and learn all we can. Take this net, <name>, and ensnare a quilboar pillager attacking our farm just west of here. Club the beast unconscious and bring him to me."
"The Butcher of Taurajo : This operative had orders to secure the roadways between the Alliance command and Fort Triumph. General Hawthorne is on the move.<Bloodhilt crumples the documents in his fist.>It's HIM, <name>! Hawthorne - I spit the name - he is the one who ordered the assault on Taurajo! Now we know when and where to strike him down. Quickly, follow the road north of the Battlescar and meet up with my assassin Karthog. CRUSH Hawthorne and string his body up along the road!"
"The Blackmaw Doublecross : Andorel here has crafted a little bit of magic for me. Come, stand next to my fire, and steep yourself in the fumes from the tea. Drape the robes around you and you'll take on the appearance of a night elven ambassador to the Blackmaw.Don your disguise and speak to Andorel here in camp. He'll teleport you to the heart of Blackmaw hold, where the negotiations are to take place. Speak with Chieftain Ungarl and sabotage the treaty. Then, kill as many Blackmaw as you can on the way back!"
"They Grow So Fast : Look! Our little larva friend has entered the pupa stage!   Wait... it looks like he's ready to emerge.   Go on, give him a hand!"
"Firing Squad : Come out back vizh me, <race>.Zhere is somezhink I vould like you to see."
"Seeds of Discord : According to the intelligence you acquired, there is major friction between the ogres and non-ogres in the cult.High Cultist Azennios and the ogre mage Karr'gonn are meeting at the Seat of the Chosen in an attempt to ease the conflict.There is an outhouse like this one at the Seat of the Chosen.  Go there and put on this ogre disguise.  Find a way to kill Azennios while he's in this mission of peace.We must exploit this division as much as we can!"
"Culling the Corrupted : The sickening corruption of demons pervades this entire forest. The soil, the trees, the animals... all grow thick with fel magics.We of the Emerald Circle have sworn to cleanse this forest, and doing so requires a constant battle. While some life here can still be healed, the bears and wolves that wander nearby have been twisted too far.We must end their suffering, and ensure their bodies do not spread the taint further. Hunt the bears and wolves, and return to me with their hides."
"Someone His Own Size : While fighting alongside you no doubt provides excellent training for our hatchling, sometimes it is better to have him fight on his own against enemies his own size.  I know of one such opponent nearby, observing the Amathet near the Obelisk of the Stars. You should seek it out."
"Death to Agogridon : Our goal is within sight, <name>!We can break the will of this demon army by bringing down the one who leads them. If we can succeed, Desolace will be ours!When you are ready, lead a group of centaurs through the pass to the south, into Shadowbreak Ravine. Find where Agogridon hides!I will gather the other khans and meet you there to face him in battle."
"The Last Living Lorekeeper : You have awakened the ancients, <name>, but the wilderness spirit Aessina remains silent. With her help, we can turn the tide of this attack and undo the damage Twilight's Hammer has done.There may be one who can help us. The oldest of the trees, Nordu, stood in the center of what is now the Flamewake for thousands of years. His wisdom is as old as this mountain. If that old tree still lives, perhaps he can awaken Aessina... seek him out."
"Into The Maw of Madness : I need you to venture into Hive'Regal and find what became of my dearest Natalia, <name>. This will be no easy task for you. Before you dive headlong into the maw of madness, make sure that you speak with those dwarves further. They might be able to give you some tips on dealing with the silithid that inhabit that hive.And <name>, if she truly is as mad as they say... do what you must."
"Winterfall Runners : Very interesting, <name>...When this toxic substance is mixed with the water from the hot springs, it loses its toxicity, only retaining the ability to temporarily affect those that ingest it. This must be why the Winterfall protect the hot springs so fervently -- they need them to purify their firewater.We need to stop this -- cut off contact between the Winterfall and the Deadwood. A group of runners walks the distance between their village and Felwood. Find and defeat them, and steal their shipment."
"Gorat's Vengeance : Fortune is with us this day, <race>.Gorat's blood was fresh enough for me to conduct a special ritual taught to me as a child.Use this imbued blood on Gorat's corpse to summon forth his lingering spirit.Do his final bidding, then report back here to Kadrak.Spirits keep you safe, friend."
"The Wolf and The Kodo : My ""associate"" here has some plans for you that I don't agree with.  His actions are hasty, uncontrolled, and irresponsible, and you may end up paying for them with your life.Before you work with Gor, first listen to the tale that I have to tell.  It's a moralistic story - a fable - but I believe its lesson will prove valuable.  Speak to me when you are ready."
"Defias in Dustwallow? : My scouts have reported a shipwreck just off the beach to the northeast. Shipwrecks aren't all that unusual out here, but the reports also indicated the survivors were all wearing red bandanas... the symbol of the Defias!The reports indicate their leader resides on a large island just off the coast to the northeast of the tower. Kill him and retrieve any documents you find in his possession."
"Trouble Under Foot : Look at you. Doing errands. Quite responsible of you. You're moving up up up, you are... up up!There be demons ahead! Demons of many unpleasant kinds. Demons that would quite like your innards! Legash demons of a southeasternly heading! But do not worry. No no, no reason to worry, for I shall provide you with a companion!Point, bugify, squash. Point, bugify, squash! Quite efficient. Quite messy too... but again, worry not. No no, worry not, for afterwards, we don't have to clean up!"
"Words of the High Chief : The Winterfall are no longer a threat to me, but if you still want to find out what was driving the furbolg to create and consume this strange firewater, I think you should seek out Kelek Skykeeper.He's a druid that once worked to help cleanse Felwood with the Emerald Circle, and has since come here to study the nearby ruins.You might be able to find him to the east at Lake Kel'theril, where he spends his time recently."
"Take Down Tethyr! : Sea monster or no, we're not going to risk the safety of our shipping. I've ordered our best marksmen to prepare for a confrontation with this Tethyr. The artillerymen have augmented the dock's defenses with three mortars.I'm going to order the lighthouse's lamp illuminated. If Tethyr does attack, it will be your job to operate the mortars and take down the beast before it can kill all of the marksmen. I wouldn't stand in one place too long, though. Using the mortars is likely to draw its attention."
"The Ballad of Maximillian : The time we have waited for is upon us, Squire <name>.  Un'Goro's brood mother will perish at my hands.  The gravity of our task weighs heavily on me, but with the power of the Light behind us, we are guaranteed to succeed.Are you ready to depart?"
"War with the Horde : Good to see you've received proper training as a <class>.  We'll need it for what's next. The Alliance's war with the Horde has reached a fevered pitch... and we've lost a lot of good soldiers.  King Anduin is looking for aid in an operation to bolster our forces. I told him you'd be a good fit for the job.  Before you meet him, let me get get you caught up on what has been happening so far."
"Carried on the Waves : The Bloodpetals of Un'Goro have a fascinating life cycle.These trees in front of us bear seeds that fall down into the river when they mature.  The river's current then takes the seed north of here, where the seed hatches - almost like an egg - and a newborn Bloodpetal emerges.I require these seeds for my studies.  Take this net, and use it to scoop up the bright orange seeds in the river.  You'll have to hunt them down under the water."
"Lord Banehollow : Only one final power remains lurking in the depths of Shadow Hold now: Lord Banehollow.The Shadow Council here serves his whims, and even Fel'dan was a mere instrument for him to prepare this land for another invasion of the Burning Legion.Proceed carefully, <name>. A dreadlord is a terrifying foe. Stand tall and triumph!"
"Survey Alcaz Island : It looks like Renn's hunch about Alcaz Island was right. We need to survey that island, but it would take a whole brigade of troops to fight our way in there.Theramore's defenses can't weather such a hit, so I've arranged with Cassa Crimsonwing, the apprentice to Theramore's gryphon master, to allow you to use one of her beasts to survey Alcaz from the air.Alcaz Island holds the key to the mystery of the Defias' involvement in this kidnapping."
"Ever Watching From Above : When my master Khaz'Goroth shaped the world you call Azeroth, he designed Un'Goro Crater to be an area for experimentation.  You might call it the Titans' petri dish.If you seek further knowledge about the methods in which we observe the world, pull the four levers behind me and complete my tests."
"Vigilance on Wings : The agents of Twilight continue their assault within this pocket of the Firelands. We must not let our offensive fall! Take wing, and destroy as many of those lancers as you can!Do not forget to pick up and equip your lance first."
"Azshara Blues : Hey! I'm glad I caught you.I come on behalf of my master, Kalec. He requires your aid. Find him under the bridge in the slums as soon as you can!"
"Beating the Market : <It's not hard to see why the Foebreaker is behind schedule. Every other day, a foreman comes in and changes the blueprints.><Most troubling are the recent alterations. The workers have been ordered to remove rivets to save on costs!><You'd better track down one of the Bilgewater foremen responsible for this and make an example out of him, before any Horde lives are lost in a faulty ship.>"
""
"Catch a Dragon by the Tail : With the zeppelin crash delaying supplies, we've run out of medicines and bandages.We're making use of what we can, but between all the insects, the injuries, and the enemies we're encountering here, I can barely keep up! I've found one herb that seems to help heal wounds and dull pain, but it, too, is in short supply.It's called wyrmtail, and it's abundant in the Dragonmurk and Wyrmbog areas east of town. The plants themselves are made of coiled stalks, and seem to pulsate when you look at them."
"The Secrets of Uldum : We are ready to enter the antechamber itself, <name>. This is a momentous occasion.From the writings you've brought us, I believe these ruins were in fact once the grand entrance to Uldum itself. The quakes that ripped its doors open have probably collapsed the tunnels, but we may yet find amazing things hidden within.Search the ruins for anything intact that may be studied.  The thrill of discovery awaits!"
"Matis the Cruel : Matis will be brought to justice, <name>; and I want you to be the one to find him and bring him back to the Triumvirate.Scour the island for this bastard. Should you find him, use this flare gun. When my trackers see the flare, they'll come and assist in capturing Matis. Return to me after he's been captured."
"Behind Closed Doors : You've discovered the location of Khan Shodo's daughter, Kherrah. She is being held behind the doors to Maraudon!The rescue attempt is certain to be risky, but if you seek the Gelkis clan's cooperation, you must free the Khan's daughter."
"Challenge to the Black Flight : Brogg relishes the thought of taking his revenge on the black dragonkin of the marsh. <name>, you have been very helpful in preparing for this moment. Will you help?Take Brogg's clan banner and travel east until you see a cave like a dragon's mouth. At the entrance to that cave, plant Stonemaul banner and issue Brogg's challenge to Onyxia.Brogg and the Stonemaul will have their lands back!"
"The Desert Fox : Zhere is much to be done in zhis region, <race>.Ve bozh haf a burning passion for zhe ancient technologies here, do ve not?Perhaps zhere is a vay for us to vork togezher?Let us put zhe misunderstandinks of zhe past behind us zhen, hmm?Now, zhere is an elusive animal in zhe region to zhe east zhat I have been huntink. Brink me zhis creature as a token of your sincerity, hmm?Zhen maybe I let you in on my operation..."
"Finding the Source : I created a thermometer to take readings of the temperatures at the volcano, and I'd like to find the hottest lava flows.  It gives the measurements in degrees Kraklenheit!Here, take it, and take readings of the temperatures at the ridge whenever you see a hot spot!Hot spots usually take the form of a glowing, rocky pillar jutting out of the ground.  You'll find them around the base of Fire Plume Ridge... one trip around the perimeter will likely suffice."
"The Spirits of Golakka Hot Springs : A moment of seriousness now, <name>.  We have an important quest ahead of us.  The treacherous dragons that plague this valley will not cease their mischief until we destroy their repugnant brood mother.  Before we even attempt to complete such a task, we must ask the Light for aid.I have seen the Light manifest itself nearby, in the form of Spirits floating by the shores of Golakka Hot Springs.  Come, I must speak with them, and ask them for aid."
"Crystal Clarity : Hi again! Oh, I forgot to tell you! I've devised a foolproof way to improve your S.E.L.F.I.E. cam!   In fact, with just the right gemstones, I can make a lens that would allow us to do all sorts of things!  Some fellow explorers have told me about a large basilisk out on Yojamba Isle in Stranglethorn Vale. Her hide is dotted with tons of high-quality crystals! What a perfect coincidence!  She sounds pretty tough, though! You should bring some friends!"
"The Trial of Frost : You know, some of my apprentices have called me cold hearted. I always say though, I shall not let the temperature of my body parts stand in the way of true learning.To reach the Trial of Frost, touch the Frost crystal to open a portal. Once there, the goal is quite simple - gather the little floaty ice orb thingies.To counter the simple, the rotating Frostburns may put back your progress, as it were. If you want to be fancy, you can use the rune traps to jump over them as they rotate by. Neat, eh?"
"The Forest Heart : You must get the Forest Heart to Gnarl at all costs!Down at the bottom of the Dor'Danil Barrow Den it sits, corrupted by the Horde. Only Gnarl can cleanse it.In order to move it, though, you'll need a Power of Nature. If you collect enough untainted spirits from the Severed druids and keepers, the spirits can be combined into a Power of Nature.Good luck, <name>!"
"Identifying the Brood : Whilst that craven fool, Mok'Morokk, wallows in power and Tharg wrestles the demons of sorrow and vengeance and vies for leadership of the clan, I seem to be the only one concerned with identifying the source of aggression on our old home.Why the puzzled stare, <name>? Expecting me to speak like an uncouth ruffian merely because I am an ogre?Now back to business, bring to me the hearts and tongues from the whelps and hatchlings. I shall trace the root of this evil..."
"The Incredible Egg : <The aqir seem to have been in the process of empowering this egg with void magic.  It looks to be far from hatching, so it should be safe to study to find out what they were planning to do with it.   Someone in the Explorer's League might be interested in taking a look.>"
"Inspecting the Ruins : Poor James never recovered from the destruction of the Shady Rest and the murder of his family. The boys and I are doing what we can to find the monsters who did this.I've sent our best investigator, Inspector Tarem, out to the ruins, but this is too big a job for any one man. If you'd lend Tarem a hand, we'd appreciate it. Light knows, we'd all like to be out there helping.The main road will lead you to the inn, but take care. Your journey will take you beyond the protection of my soldiers."
"The Grimtotem are Coming : The cowardly Grimtotem have attacked us by surprise when we were least prepared!You will be of most help to Thousand Needles elsewhere, <class>. We have heard rumors that the goblins and gnomes somehow survived in a giant barge out on the salt flats.Motega Firemane is at the base of the summit. He can get you a canoe to take you there.Do you mind helping us fight off the Grimtotem on your way to him?"
"Of Their Own Design : These creatures... these so-called Horde... they have cut me down in my prime and they are harvesting my hair for their evil plans.Will you help me to put an end to it, little <race>?I have overheard their herbalists speaking of something called wildfire upon their table across the way. If you were to take the bottle of this unnatural stuff and throw it at my corpse to the northeast, it would burn and no more of my hair will grow here.I am already dead and it is a small price to pay to stop them."
"WANTED: Goreclaw the Ravenous : Travelers and Steamwheedle personnel working in the field are advised to avoid the Bloodfen Burrow to the west of town.The area is overrun with raptors lead by the cruel and cunning Goreclaw the Ravenous, who has already killed at least two Steamwheedle engineers.Drazzit Dripvalve has authorized a generous reward to be paid to the individual who rids Mudsprocket of this menace."
"The Terrible Tinkers of the Ruined Reaches : Scoundrels! Infidels! Ever since I started my operation here in Azshara the Gadgetspring family has hampered my studies and sabotaged my research. And now a mob of middling, second-rate tinkers have rallied to their aid! I have pressing business to attend to: see to it that those gnomes are finished for good.Head to the Ruined Reaches on the coast, south of my Secret Lab, and start rolling some of their disproportionately enormous heads for me."
"An Ancient Enemy : Da Sea Witch is here, on top of dis very isle. We've been waitin' a long time for dis chance at revenge and ya will be havin' da privilege of seein' it through.Meet with Vol'jin, up da ramp to da northeast. Let him know when you are ready ta join da battle."
"Continued Incubation : The egg is doing well, but we're going to need more of those void crystals to keep it healthy.  Could you go out and gather some?"
"Clear the High Road : This way, <class>! I see you've discovered the high road.The Alliance hopes to sever our ties with Stonetalon, but they forget that we tauren have hunted across these lands for generations. We know every hillside switchback and game trail from here to Thousand Needles.But for these paths to stay open, we must stop the humans from mapping them out.Patrol the trail east and kill any high road scouts you find along the way, then speak to Tunawa Stillwind just up the path."
"Kyle's Gone Missing! : Help, <name>! My prized puppy, Kyle, has run away! I just know he's running around Bloodhoof Village, lost and hungry.Will you find him and feed him? Once he eats he will settle down and come home.To feed him you will need to find food. His favorite meal is tender strider meat. Just venture east and you should find plenty of striders. Hunt one down and take its succulent meat to Kyle. When you see Kyle in town, put the meat down and he is sure to come to you."
"Smoot's Samophlange : It was the Captain who insisted his new engines use an induction samophlange.Those things hadn't even been invented yet!I tasked Smoot with creating one based on some stolen Venture Company schematics, and he's finally built a working model.Now that he's got his samophlange, he's drunk with power. He's running all over town with it like a goblin possessed.Smack Smoot and snag my samophlange, <name>."
"The Defilers' Ritual : Ah, I can already see more clearly, <name>.We are right to be wary of the evil Neferset.  I can already sense that they're behind the forces that corrupt the river.Go underwater once more and find the Murkdeep Cavern.  You will find the Neferset are performing a foul ritual of corruption.Stop them so the river is cleansed once again."
"Smarts-is-Smarts : My monstrosity is taking shape! All that's left is to stuff his skull with something useful.I'm talking about brains, <name>. And here I'm going to be picky. The abomification process causes significant brain damage so it's best to start with someone smart.One of the Alliance officers should do nicely. Seek out one of the Captains on the far side of the Battlescar and try not to damage the goods while you kill him."
"The Relics of Wakening : Gnarlpine invaders were seen ravaging the Ban'ethil Barrow Den, tucked in the hill to the west.The slumbering druids will be trapped in the Emerald Dream for eternity, unaware of their fate, unless we help. The delicate hibernation ritual cannot be broken without the Relics of Wakening.Journey to the Den and retrieve the Raven Claw Talisman, Black Feather Quill, Sapphire of Sky, and Rune of Nesting. The druids store them in sacred chests.  Return them to me and I will prepare the awakening ritual."
"The Seeds of Life : Something is trying to devour the life of Darkshore from within! I'll ask around to learn more about the - thing - you discovered in the lake. Meanwhile, we need to protect the local wildlife from further harm.Can you gather some materials for me? I'll need life in all its incarnations. Talk to Onu here in the grove to acquire a Seed of the Earth. Capture a Darkshore Wisp floating amongst the trees and we'll have a Seed of the Sky. Find a Seed of the Sea within seashells along the coast, west of here."
""
"The Bait for Lar'korwi : This will be the most difficult part because there is some complexity to the plan.  Continue following the river to the north, and look for a bend in the river.  It was here I saw Lar'korwi last.  You will know you are in the right area because of all the bones from massive creatures that once wandered nearby.Take the meat you recovered and place it there.  Then, rub this mixture I created on the meat.If both lures mingled together do not bring Lar'korwi to you, then I know nothing else that will."
"Delicate Negotiations : There is but one way to win the trust and loyalty of the Magram.It must be beaten out of them.They have suffered many losses in their war against my clan. They now possess an unfamiliar land, where they struggle just to feed themselves.Now is the time to strike.Speak to me when you are ready, then ride in and plant my spear in the Fatherstone. If we can kill enough of them, their Khan will submit to our will."
"Crystals of Power : I'm sure you've noticed 'em, <name>. They're everywhere!What am I talking about? Why, the crystals, of course!The crystals... They're all over the crater. Most people ignore them, but I have a strange feeling that they hold power within them.Say, I'm running a little low on the crystals I have here -- think you might be able to collect some more for me?  You'll find yellow crystals to the northwest, red crystals to the... oh, I'm sure you'll figure it out."
"Fade to Black : Now we put an end to all this madness. We need to rout the black dragonflight from Azshara entirely before they can return with any communication for their master.I still don't know what they have up their sleeve for capturing us, so I'd like to ask this one last thing of you - go into sable ridge and kill their leaders, Twilight Lord Katrana and Malicion.If things get hairy, I will come help. I just don't want to risk falling into whatever trap they set for Azuregos."
""
"The Firelord : With his gatekeeper gone, you've given the Guardians of Hyjal access to Sulfuron Spire.Ragnaros will have no choice but to defend the main entryway to the Firelands himself.Go through the Twilight's Hammer portal at the Sanctum of the Prophets and meet me inside.  Malfurion and Hamuul will also aid us while the others continue to fight the enemy outside."
"Dance for Ruumbo! : You have done well, <race>! Ruumbo is pleased by your bravery, and the delicious honey you have given Ruumbo.Now, you must... you must dance! Yes!Dance for Ruumbo! Dance!"
"Supplies for the Crossroads : Whatever has happened in Southern Barrens is causing some of the quilboar tribes to flee our direction. The displaced Razormane in particular grow desperate, and their attacks grow bolder. I've lost two caravans this week alone!Our warriors at the Crossroads desperately need those supplies, and I'm not about to let the quilboar grow fat off of their misdeeds. Find the missing supply crates and bring them to me. I'd search the quilboar hovel south of here, along the river."
"Gnomebliteration : I have downloaded my program to the fusion core and have complete control over it.I've created a small pocket of air inside to avoid vaporizing user <name>.I will yield control of all movement functions so I can dedicate my cycles to keeping the core stable.Go down the hill and neutralize as many of the expedition members as possible.My analysis reveals you might feel... ""guilt"" as a result of such high fatality numbers.User <name>, you must be assured that expedition members are without hope."
"Otherworldly Armaments : To craft a saddle for your beast, I'll need some special materials. Mainly, it will require metals much lighter than what we have available.  I have noticed that the Black Empire cultists carry with them weapons made from otherworldly materials, which are impossibly light and strong.   If you could retrieve some of their weapons for me, I may be able to melt down this metal and shape it into a saddle for the aqir."
""
"Town Dwellers Were Made to be Saved : I've a feeling that we may find more than dragons here in this crater.  My paladin's instinct tells me that there are townsfolk nearby that require our aid. Those in distress cannot be ignored.Let us sally forth, Squire <name>!  The people of Un'Goro require our aid!"
"Azsharite Experiment Number Two : Okay, new plan. We'll SCARE it out of 'em! In my experience most large creatures are terrified of tiny ones - like rats. Hmm. This place is crawling with rats, but how do we coax them over to the giant?Hey! You don't mind having your cellular matrix broken down and reassembled do you? It's only painful while it's happening. I can shrink you down to rat-sized and you can ride one of these brutes over there like a horse. It's so crazy it's got to work! Speak with me when you're ready for shrinkage..."
""
"Service with a Smile : Oh, simple <race>. Simple, simple <race>.I did not 'forget' to sweep up those reins from that foolish cakewalk of a knight they call the Lich King. I simply did not bother, as I already received the mighty steed during my raid last week.<Johnny motions to the horse on his left.>Since you're here and clearly intrigued by my sweltering greatness, won't you take that superfluous stallion to the assistant resort director in town? My coffers could use a bit of extra lining."
"True Believers : Now that I have the Twilight Lexicon in my possession, there is a small favor I'd like to ask of you.My former organization has a secret encoded bulletin they circulate on a monthly basis.If they make any progress searching for me or if they call off the search, word will be published on the True Believer.Although this information is obviously valuable to me, the publication contains other useful information that I can share.  Bring me any encoded texts you find on Twilight's Hammer members."
"Just Trying to Kill Some Bugs : Now it's time for my plan to go into full effect. We've got the captured bug strapped up with as many explosives as it can carry, and with Soothfancy's mostly amazing mental powers, we're gonna drive that sucker straight down into the center of the underground hive.And then...BOOM! No more bugs!You get the personal honor of directin' the ugly thing. Go talk to Narain and get set up with your bug-pal."
"No Spies Allowed : Hey <name>, I'm glad you're here.  I'm in way over my head! Killer bugs, a strange substance... that GIANT sword sticking outta the ground... I don't have a good feelin' about this place!  To make matters worse, I've been gettin' reports of Alliance spies snoopin' around the camp!  Look kid, the Dark Lady has plans for this mysterious ore and I ain't going to be the one to dissapoint her, know what I mean?  Get over to the mining camp and take out those SI:7 spies before they ruin the whole operation!"
"Vortex : The time has come, <name>. When you have steeled yourself we will speak again and I will summon forth a whirling vortex to speed your way up to the skies over Thunder Peak.Channel the power of the Earthen Ring through the elemental to slay Lord Magmathar so that we may bring him into balance once more."
"Into the Mists : <Nazgrim fills his lungs with sea air.>You smell that, <name>? It's the smell of our home, the lands our kind have bled and died to preserve.And listen... you hear that? It's the sound of peace and safety - a haven we've carved, where our enemies fear to tread.Remember these things. You won't experience them again anytime soon. We have ourselves a war to win.Now go get settled, we're shovin' off!"
"Find OOX-22/FE! : You have uncovered some sort of strange, egg-shaped device made from metal.  Fiddling with one of its knobs springs the egg to life, as it opens up into some sort of gnomish robotic contraption!  A voice from inside the robotic egg crackles to life.""My name's Oglethorpe Obnoticus, and my homing robot has crashed!  I will reward you for its recovery; please take this beacon to the robot!""""I now have computed the coordinates of the robot for you; it is in a cave near Feral Scar Vale!"""
"Magic Prehistoric : The owlbeasts' sacred caves are located to the east. Within several of these caves, you should find totems. I want you to approach these totems and gather whatever essence you can from them. The dreamcatcher should absorb this essence for use within Mazthoril."
"Stone Cold : Our assault on the Court of Bones continues. Our progress remains slow, but measurable.Unfortunately, we've received several reports of stone quilen statues coming to life without warning. These quilen are too dangerous to ignore.Venture into the Court of Bones and destroy any quilen statues that you can find."
"Stepping Up Surveillance : The cultists appear to be digging out the remains of a being known as Soggoth the Slitherer.Perhaps their superiors on the rafters above have more information."
"Watch Your Step : This is somewhat simple and somewhat not simple. All the way up there are Energy Conduits. Rather like this one right here one might say! Indeed, I do say.Now for you. You must use my jump pads to ascend the pinnacle, and you must touch all of the conduits you see along the way. When you get to me at the top, you should be all juicy with energy, because really that's the only way to be.And be sure to keep moving or you're likely to be sent for quite a trip!"
"Burning Blade Medallion : Through my divinations, I see that an item of power--a medallion--hides deep within the Burning Blade Coven, guarded by beasts and black magic. We must have it.  For too long these demon-worshippers have defiled our homelands. Cleanse the coven of its demonic taint by slaying the fel beasts and their leader. Return with this medallion as proof of your deed.  Go, <name>. You will find the coven in a cave to the north."
"Haunted : You think I'm going to just let you go after you killed me like that, mon? No way! I didn't create a piratical mercantile empire out of nothing just to see you bring me down.You're going to help me get back to life. Find my ex-wife, Ajamon, on the north side of the Holdfast. Just follow your nose. She'll be wherever the stinky brewing cauldron is."
"Thunderdrome: Grudge Match! : It seems we have a special request! I have here a note from one Megs Dreadshredder, requesting to enter the cage and settle a dispute.She's asked for you to be her partner, <name>. A fan of your previous victories? Or perhaps you're acquainted outside the ring?I wouldn't back down now if I were you. This is the grand finale..."
"Deep Impact : Queen Azshara seeks entrance into the plane of water, for what I do not know.She believes that the ancients held the keys to finding its location.I have personally been charged with scouring the ruins in this region, and none shall rest until we discover the secrets we seek!Submerged just to the north are a concentration of ruins. Use this staff to search through the rubble.Return to me only when you have located that which we seek!"
"Fate of the Horde : It is a wonder any of our troops survived that bloodbath on the Broken Shore. If not for Lady Sylvanas...High Overlord Saurfang has been asking for you at Grommash Hold. He will not say why... but he was insistent that I send you to him."
"Warchief's Emissary : The goblins and the Horde have accomplished too much together to part ways now, <class>. I intend for the Bilgewater Cartel to become part of the Horde.I have something that I want you to deliver to the new warchief. Give this package to my Darkspear friend on the dock at Bladefist Bay in Durotar. She will help you to get into Orgrimmar safely.Speak with Sassy Hardwrench on the ship when you are ready to set sail.Until we meet again. Aka'Magosh, a blessing on you and yours, <name>!"
"Egg Wave : Without any defenders, the Firelands eggs are vulnerable.Take wing once more and smash those eggs! Simply rush over them to crush them. Search all the nooks, crannies, and side-caves. Hurry!"
"Marsh Frog Legs : I like cooking.  Good swamp cooking.  Fried green frog legs and the like.And I'm all out of legs. The manor is overrun with frogs, though. Giant marsh frogs. Think you could bring me some of those legs? Nothin' to it, really. Just bop 'em on the head and bring me the legs.Then I'll make a stew and stew it up and suck it down and give you some too.Do you like stew?"
"Battlezone : It vould appear zhat anozher opportunity has arisen for you to redeem yourself, <race>.Zhis little emergency has set me back a few tank gunnahs.You zhink you have vhat it takes to fill in for vone of zhem?My tanks are just vest of zhe camp. Get out zhere and put an end to zhis silliness!"
"The Bear's Blessing : Before the bear's paw can be used to cleanse the afflicted, it must be completed and blessed. To the north of the village roams a tallstrider named Fleetfoot. You'll need its tailfeathers to complete the herb bundle.Bring the tailfeathers and the bear's paw bundle to the ancient bear statue in the ruins around the Grove of the Ancient, further north of where you'll find Fleetfoot.While at the shrine, combine the tailfeathers with the bear's paw and receive the bear spirit's blessing."
"Call of the Scarab : The Call of the Scarab event is occurring today. Speak with your faction's leader near the Gates of Ahn'Qiraj."
"Harrison Jones and the Temple of Uldum : After all we've been through, it looks like everything's actually coming together!We're just steps away from the coffer... I've researched the codes to reveal it... Schnottz thinks we're dead....You know, we might just pull this off after all!"
"Walk With The Earth Mother : Much has changed outside of Mulgore, <name>. The world is torn, and our Horde allies have turned down dark paths. We must guide them. Even in the darkest hour, we will bravely hold our heads high, and honor the Earth Mother in all we do.You must go, <name>, and be this example. Go to Orgrimmar. Tell Saurfang how the Grimtotem were driven out. Let him know our pride and discipline, our strength and sorrow.Tal at the Skytower will send you on your way. Go in peace, and never forget your people."
"Myzerian's Head : The head of one of Deathwing's most formidable black dragons is now in your possession.While many in Azeroth would pay dearly for such an artifact, something tells you that it belongs in a museum for all to see and remember.Harrison Jones is likely to have the proper connections.Sullah would certainly be happy to deliver it to him."
"Poached, Scrambled, Or Raw? : The venomhide hatchling's stomach growls as it gestures to get your attention. It begins scratching pictures of silithids into the dirt, adding small ovals underneath them. It looks at you hopefully and gestures at the circles.They can only mean silithid eggs. The Noxious Lair, in western Tanaris and near the border with Un'Goro Crater, would probably be a great place to find the eggs your little hatchling wants."
"A Taste for Grouper : Between boat rides and building, I'm exhausted... and hungry. You know what sounds tasty? Fish. Fish sound delicious.Darkshore is known for its grouper. If you fish me up some, I'll make it worth your time."
"Two-Tusk Takedown : This treasure's all fake, but it's not like those den whompers are going to know the difference. Stupid ogres!Here's the plan... you head into the Admiral's Den and spread all of this ""treasure"" around to any ogres that get in your way. Then all you have to do is confront Tony Two-Tusk.You'll have the key to the cage in no-time!"
"Gar'gol's Gotta Go : <Kristoff cranes his neck, trying to look you in the eye.>Listen, you gotta get me outta here. They're either going to eat me or turn me over to the Twilight's Hammer. Maybe both.They've padlocked me in, and Gar'gol keeps the key in his personal treasure chest. Kill Gar'gol if you have to - but get that key!<Kristoff flails his limbs, helplessly.>"
"Graduation Speech : You're finally ready, <name>damus.I am so proud of you and all you've accomplished.Today you will deliver a speech in front of your peers and inspire them to crush our enemies until Hyjal is nothing but a pile of ash.Remember, <name>damus.  It'll be important to read your audience's emotions and use words that best address those emotions."
"Fire From the Sky : Sullah wasn't kidding. That hill is crawling with troopers!Jump on and paint our targets for me.Make every shot count, <name>! We need to be able to get up there."
"A New Master : The potion you created is vile enough to wake the dead. Which is its intended purpose.Slay a Twilight Inferno Lord and force the brew down his throat. He will revive, if only briefly, and be completely under your dominance.Speak with him and learn the true name of the fire elemental he is channeling into the world to burn down your precious forest."
"Nature and Nurture : The ancient protectors of Irontree Woods to the north have been dead for years, their bodies a grim symbol of the damage to these lands.Every season, we take the water from this moonwell, and pour it on the ground before them, hoping it will nurture new life. If you'd like, you can deliver the water yourself.It is an excellent opportunity for reflection. Take this vial and fill it at the moonwell, and pour it on the very top of the small hill between the three ancients."
"Glyph Chasing : After our initial foray into the hives and Mistress Mar'alith's subsequent madness the three hives have been spewing out bugs! The increased activity might be tied into the glyphs covering those strange crystals.If I can get rubbings of those crystals and the glyphs on them, we might be able to make sense of this madness.Take this transcription set  and hit Hive'Regal to the east, <name>. That's the last rubbing I need!"
"Ursal the Mauler : Now the time has come to save the Druids of the Talon. If we fail now, <name>, they will be forever lost in sleep.I shall prepare the Relics of Wakening and perform the ritual. For my work to take effect, the cursed beast responsible for this horrible situation must be slain.It was Ursal the Mauler who meddled with our brethren's calling and it is Ursal the Mauler who must now pay so they can be freed. Travel northwest on the road and find the path north into The Cleft. Ursal's den will be there."
"Might of the Stonemaul : So the Twilight's Hammer thinks it can just raise its own army of ogres here? In the middle of Horde territory? We'll see about that.Ogres only respect one thing: strength. I want you to lead the assault on Cho'gall's sermon, <name>. Throw wide the doors of Dire Maul, leap into the arena, and cut down his attendants."
"The Essence of Enmity : To make the totem Brogg will need for his ritual, he must use the essences of the creatures who killed his friends. The hate and anger of Brogg's enemies will fuel the magic of his vengeance.Track down Firemane ash tails, scouts, or scalebanes and use Brogg's totem on their corpses. Only when the dragonkin die will they give up their essences.The creatures you seek swarm over the Den of Flame to the northwest and the Stonemaul Ruins to the north."
"Insane Druids : The druids are dead, killed by their leaders who were driven insane by the Horde tainting the Forest Heart! I can feel the corruption even from here and I dare go no further.While I am too well attuned to Ashenvale and the Forest Heart, you... you could descend into the barrow den and do what must be done. I've laid down breadcrumbs for you in there.Though it tears me apart, I must ask that you put to rest the druids' once great leaders: Taneel Darkwood, Uthil Mooncall, and Mavoris Cloudsbreak."
"A Line in the Dirt : The Alliance scorches a trail of murder across the Barrens. We must stop them here or there is nothing left for us.Across the Fields of Blood there are a number of strategic hills, marked by wooden towers and neutral gray banners. We must take and hold these hills if we hope to slow the Alliance advance!Look for the towers to the north, east, and south of what's left of Taurajo. Claim a neutral flag and defend the hill against counterattack!"
"Carcass Collection : These organs be a good start, mon, but we still be needin' lotsa other tings. Normally, we'd be gettin' stuff from family now, but dats only me and my sistah's boy, and Tony ain't worth it!So, we be substitutin' some stuff. Lotsa carcasses, in fact!Deep down in the Shimmering Deep, there's tons of dem from when the water came rushin' in. Killed all of dem creatures. Go down there and bring me up some."
"Justice Dispensed : I doubt the Grimtotems will give up their campaign to drive humans from the marsh, though I get the impression you probably don't mind that. At least we have dealt with the perpetrators of the crimes at the Shady Rest Inn.Go tell your leader that his vengeance has been sated."
"Leave No Tracks : To the southwest lies the corpse of a being somehow related to the Old Gods that the Twilight's Hammer cultists worship.He was defeated before our time -- if not by the Titans themselves, certainly by one of their creations.We've noted an increase in cult activity in that area which can only mean something terrible is amiss.We're going to need to find out what they're planning to do there and why.  Take this figurine, it'll help you avoid being detected while you gather intelligence."
"The Coffer of Promise : I'm not quite certain what ta expect 'ere, so stay on yer toes, eh?These codes should reveal the coffer's true purpose, and present us with the tools to thwart Deathwing's efforts in Uldum fer good!Stand back!"
"Corrupting Influence? : As you search through the belongings of the dead furbolg lying before you, a small charm, very obviously created by trolls,  spills out onto the ground.Touching the charm, you immediately get a sense that something is not right about the wood. A feeling of unease, of corruption, permeates the object.Wrapping it in some spare cloth, you put it in your pack and resolve to show it to Raene Wolfrunner when next you find yourself in Astranaar."
"Blastranaar! : So, Tweedle finally came through on those explosives, eh?They couldn't have come at a better time. The elves of Astranaar are preparing to make a devastating assault on our camp as we speak.Drop our new weapon on them from the skies! The destruction of Astranaar will be a dagger in the heart of night elves everywhere!Speak with Thraka when you're ready to begin the assault.Aim true, <class>."
"Adder Subtraction : The corruption unleashed here must be studied if we're to find a way of properly fighting it.Luckily, not all the creatures have been as altered as others. The smaller snakes drink little water, and do not eat plants, so their exposure to the energies here has been minimal. They've still absorbed enough to change coloration.Go collect these snakes from the overgrowth and return them to me, so we can see just what is happening to the creatures here."
"Deadmire : Deadmire is an ancient crocolisk in Dustwallow marsh.  And it is his time to die.Old bones grind as he pulls his huge body through the swamp, and although he still moves with the strength and speed of youth, his aging body tortures the great spirit within it, a spirit whose flame will not waver.Yet now he lives in constant, maddening pain.  You must end the life of this noble creature, <name>.  You must lead Deadmire to peace."
"The Return of the Ancients : It'll be crucial to reclaim each of the ancients' shrines, <name>.Follow the road west of the Verdant Thicket, into Wolf's Run.We have operatives stationed there.  Aid them in any way that you can and work your way to the first shrine.The wolf god was known to the elves as Goldrinn and to the orcs as Lo'Gosh.  He will be a fierce ally in our fight against the enemy."
"Read the Manual : Back when I was in the Tinker's Union, Boss Copperplug was the best engineer we had. He defected to the Venture Company shortly before I left, and took his greatest techniques with him. He hoarded his secrets, doling out bits and pieces of knowledge to his trusted inner circle.If he built the samophlange, then he's probably got the manual. Last I heard, he was operating right here, out of Boulder Lode mine to the northeast. Get the manual from him, and collect the pages from his followers."
"Blubbergut : Ahoy, mon!You think you be able ta do something for da village here?Most whales we can handle fine, but there be a special whale out there that be too big for our spears.Blubbergut been gettin' bigger an' bigger - eatin' up the fish we use to live on!Get out there and find the thing, then make him pay for his gluttony!"
"The Final Piece : I am too injured to fight, <class>. I have failed my city and its people. This battle is yours.Vorpil waits just ahead. He's trying to use Auch'naaru's powers for some sort of dark ritual.You must do what I could not. Cut Vorpil down and retrieve Auch'naaru so the Heart of Auchindoun can be whole once more!"
"Cub's First Toy : The winterspring cub plays with a small tuft of fur from a large animal, batting the discarded hair about. While your cub looks like it's enjoying the new game, you wonder if it might get more enjoyment from a proper cat toy.With a little bit of leather from a yeti pelt and some feathers from crazed moonkin, you could make a respectable toy. You'll need a hide from the yeti in the Ice Thistle Hills southeast of Everlook and feathers from the moonkin at the Hidden Grove or Owl Wing Thicket."
"Calming the Kodo : As you have by now witnessed, the rapid changes to this region can have both positive and negative effects on the native creatures.To the south and east of here, enraged kodo are a constant threat to anyone nearby.It's time to put my theory to the test. I've used the rejuvenated thunder lizard's blood in the making of this concoction. I'm hoping it will soothe the kodo when they eat it.Place it near an enraged kodo and make sure you do it from a safe distance!"
"Hezrul Bloodmark : Hezrul Bloodmark is the leader of the Kolkar centaurs in the Barrens. He is fierce, brutal and cunning. Defeating him would disrupt and fracture the Kolkars, greatly reducing their threat to us.So kill him. Bring me Hezrul's Head, and I will mount it from this outpost, so that they may know fear.Hezrul leads his people from the Lushwater Oasis, to the south."
"The Stuff of Legends : It is an honor to make your acquaintance, <race>.Your deeds echo in the ears of Azeroth's creatures, mortal and immortal alike.I shall present the heart of Ragnaros to Kalecgos when he arrives. Its power is to be harnessed to further endow your weapon.The ceremony is to begin shortly. I have been appointed to escort you there when you are ready."
"The Black Shield : Ah, I remember now! Mosarn is a well-respected blacksmith in Thunder Bluff. I knew I had heard his name somewhere, before.In thanks, the Earthen Ring awarded me with a set of armor crafted by Mosarn. Very good work.Perhaps he can tell you more about the shield he crafted.It's not much of a lead, but since we didn't get anything useful out of Reethe, it's all we have."
"A Strange Disc : The etching around the surface of this object indicates that it is of ancient origins, and yet no signs of wear can be detected.A hole on its edge, full of splintered wood, indicates that it is meant to be put atop a wooden staff of some sort.Before showing this to Doctor Jones, you should find the other piece."
"The Lord of Blackrock : Go to the Valley of Heroes and speak with Field Marshal Stonebridge."
"The Zeppelin Crash : Not long ago, a goblin zeppelin crashed to the east. A representative of the Steamwheedle Cartel passed through here a few days ago.She was looking for information about the zeppelin's cargo and its pilot, Beezil, but none of us really got a good look at the crash. I doubt she'll be able to clean up after the wreck by herself, much less recover whatever cargo the vessel might have carried.If you have time, you may want to check up on her out at Beezil's Wreck, due east of here, near the mountains."
"Blown Away : Please, <mister/miss>, you just gotta help me!Father bought me a bunch of balloons from the Darkmoon Faire. They're magical, you know, and never lose their floatiness!There's just one thing...A gust of wind blew them out of my hands. They're scattered all over Stormwind!I'd chase after them myself, but this city's so big I'd get lost for sure.Can you find them for me before they float away?Please?"
"Oh, Deer! : Do you speak deer? It's all in the nose.<She points to her nose.>The does have fled the fires, but their little fawns - Some of them are still trapped in the burning and the hurt!Go back into the Inferno and escort three injured fawns back here to their mothers right here beside me.Please save the little fawns, or I'll give you the big eyes!<Her eyes grow big and dewy.>"
"Do the Imp-Possible : The satyr hide their corrupted moonwell behind an impenetrable barrier of demonic fire. Their forces must have some way of getting through it.Interrogating the satyr will be useless, but the imps they consort with will be easily swayed. I have a specific one in mind, as well...In the foothills to the east, a lone imp has been seen wandering, far from the other demons. He should prove easy pickings. Weaken him with combat, and then use this enchanted sack to capture him. Then I'll do the talking..."
"Threat of the Winterfall : I came to Winterspring to investigate the Frostfire Hot Springs. I've noticed that the water seems to have... strange qualities. I haven't yet been able to discover the source, and to tell you the truth, I've had some difficulty lately, due to the Winterfall furbolg.They seem to be drawn to the springs, just as I am. They have become extremely protective of the water, and won't let me come near the two larger springs to the north of here.I'd like to continue my studies, so won't you help me?"
"Ready the Air Force : I gave Hellscream my personal guarantee that I'd have his airfleet ready this week, but our flagship - The Spear of Durotar - still doesn't have its primary engines installed.Fleep promised me a dangerously shiny new engine last week. Go to her junkyard behind the bank and find out what the holdup is.The airfleet is waiting on us, <name>!"
"Bar Fight! : Those no-good, smelly, green in the gills goblins have got it coming!I want you to go into the Speedbarge Bar, order a bottle of grog, and hit one over the head with it!Show them that we're not going to take any more of their insolence, <name>!"
"From the Mouth of Madness : I know of a draught that should jolt these gibbering former slaves back to reality. Gather some stonebloom from the rocks around Gar'gol's hovel, some bitterblossom from the shores of the nearby lake, and a darkflame ember from one of the braziers at the hovel entrance. The draught won't last long, so combine the ingredients at a twilight cauldron by the entrance to the hovel.One sip of that draught should knock some sense into the brainwashed slaves!"
"Challenge Overlord Mok'Morokk : You dare challenge Overlord Mok'Morokk?Haw!Me crush tiny <race>!You tell me when ready for good beating."
"The Pit of Scales : A spot on the southern end of the map was marked with hieroglyphs of crocodiles fighting each other.That must be where Caimas took Tahet.Go to the Pit of Scales and find a way to rescue the Vizier's son."
"Emissary : As if things weren't unsettled enough, guests have arrived... the Illidari.These demon hunters have been imprisoned since their master's fall at the Black Temple. For the Wardens to release them can only mean the peril is dire indeed.Their delegation's leader, Allari ""the Souleater,"" claims Orgimmar faces a hidden threat. I gave them leave to establish a camp within the city... for now.You will speak with her at once. Find out whether this threat is credible."
"Repairing A-Me 01 : <Suddenly, the robotic gorilla's eyes light up, and it begins to speak.>""...operational capacity... less than 5%... accidentally... punctured oil reservoir...""""...use coconut milk... rock... save A-Me 01...""<A-Me closes her eyes.>"
"Warchief's Command: Uldum! : All able-bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Adarrah at the Thistleshrub Valley in Tanaris.Ancient texts tell us that Uldum is home to untold riches and treasures beyond compare. Go forth and claim these in the name of the Horde!You can reach Adarrah's caravan by traveling to the southwestern part of Tanaris and looking for her in Thistleshrub Valley.Destiny calls!"
"My Word is My Bond : It would seem that we have no choice.As reluctant as I am to cooperate with the Kolkar, there is wisdom in the words of their Khan.You may give him my word that we shall lend our spears to the battle."
"Sabotage! : These dwarven artillery shells have a built-in airburst timer. This is easy! Just sabotage one of the artillery shells in the loading bay and then hoist it up into the magazine. Boom, baby. BOOM!You'll find the shells in one of two loading bays behind the main garage on this level. It's right around the corner.Once you've rigged the artillery shell... Run! Run like the wind, <name>! Then report to Gann back at camp. I'll be right behind you."
"Grimtotem Chiefs: Elder Stormhoof : Elder Stormhoof is a shaman chief of immense power. He was taught by Magatha Grimtotem, the Elder Crone, leader of the Grimtotem clan.We know that he is here and that he has been training their geomancers. We have to kill him, <class>."
"Renn McGill : From the wording of the orders you recovered, it looks like the first priority of the Defias will be to locate and secure whatever cargo they possessed.SI:7 has had a salvage diver named Renn McGill working out of Theramore for some time. When he heard about the shipwreck, Renn went north to dive near the islands the Defias now occupy.If we're to beat the Defias to this cargo, we'll need his help. Look for him in the waters northeast of a small island just north of the island you visited earlier."
"Shadowprey Village : Hello again, <class>.I have received news that Shadowprey Village is in need of some assistance. Our hands are more than full here, so I must call upon you to travel there and be of assistance to them.The village lies on the coast to the southwest of here. When you arrive, seek out the one named Mai'Lahii."
"The Dranosh'ar Blockade : You should head north from here, <name>.  Speak with Gor the Enforcer at the Dranosh'ar Blockade.  He's been placed in charge of securing shipping lanes for Orgrimmar, and Skull Rock sits right next to his precious dock.  I'm certain he'll be interested in picking up where we left off."
"Is it Real? : Oh, I'm sure you and Babs had a good laugh over the outlandish descriptions and sketches in the book, but have you stopped to consider there might be some truth to the legends?If you listen closely enough, I bet you can still hear sailors talk about Tethyr, the sea creature the book says lives right here! Of course, if you wanted to know for sure, you could always ask old Nat Pagle.He's got a small fishing camp on a little island in Tidefury Cove, which is southwest across Dustwallow Bay."
"The Fall of Neferset City : We are ready to strike now, <name>.If we take down Dark Pharaoh Tekahn, the immortal colossi will fall and our armies will be able to march into Neferset City.Seek him out and engage him without fear.  I will make sure you're not alone when it's time to bring him down."
"A Growing Problem : An explosion of life from barren soil... My companion Jerrik has described similar events happening elsewhere in the Barrens. I shall have to see this for myself, but I cannot abandon my post.Here, <name>, I will loan you my 'eyes.' My eagle companion here has served me since I was named. Please accompany him to Thunderhead Summit, where Jerrik awaits, and we will investigate.To get to the peak, follow the road east out of the Crossroads. Turn south when you reach a large stone scrawled with paintings."
"Arborcide : How's that shredder holding up? I think I can bring your emergency power supplies online - that'll recharge you when you're wounded.Listen, these night elves are being strengthened by an ancient of war who's taken root just west of the gates. He's a big, giant tree. You know what to do! Take him out!You were made for this!!"
"Back to Riznek : I am NOT stupid!Go back to your master and tell him that there will be NO deal! That is, if you can survive to make it back to him."
"The Brood of Onyxia : Onyxia's brood has been scattered across the Dragonmurk. It is imperative that no more whelps be permitted to hatch.Make haste to Wyrmbog in the south of Dustwallow Marsh. Surely, she has made her lair there. Track down the evil dragon's eggs and destroy them.We will never reclaim Stonemaul Village if the surrounding area remains a breeding ground.As for Mok'Morokk... I have other plans for the sod."
"The Hatchery Must Burn : <name>! Choluna spoke true: the goddess has returned! A miracle in our midst.While you were able to kill the twilight dragon Sethria, we have not yet located all of the eggs that the harpies had delivered to her. Thisalee and I have tracked them to a great hatchery constructed within the Firelands. It is not of this realm, so Aviana cannot accompany you.Fly south and enter the flamegate in the center of the valley. Farden Talonshrike has been sent ahead and will be waiting for you within."
"Eyes and Ears: Malaka'jin : Honor's Stand has been lost. The Horde's grip on the Barrens shattered along with the land itself. I now receive reports that we are at risk of losing Malaka'jin to a concerted attack by the Alliance and the Grimtotem. If Malaka'jin falls, half of Stonetalon falls with it!You have proven yourself a capable soldier of the Horde. Will you be my eyes and ears at Malaka'jin? Witch Doctor Jin'Zil awaits your arrival.Malaka'jin is located far to the south."
"The Skull of Gul'dan : Illidan set out to find the Skull of Gul'dan. He fought through armies of demons to reach it, slaying them with the power that made him a hated outcast.See him in battle, <class>. Witness the one that fought the fiercest against the corruptors of Felwood, and struck at its source."
"It's Gotta be the Horn : The raptors of the Barrens are smarter than raptors in other lands. I think all those smarts are hiding in their horns! If so, then I could grind their horns into powder and use it to make ""smart drinks."" I'll make a fortune!Here's where you come in: I want the horn from the smartest raptor around. ""King Reaperclaw"" leads a whole pack of intelligent raptors up on the bluffs north of Ratchet. Bring me his horn! And don't get ripped to ribbons like everyone else I've sent!"
"Love it or Limpet : <Gazlowe spreads the plans on the table and jabs a tiny finger aft of the ship below the waterline.>There! The hull is thinnest here, where the crankshaft meets the paddlewheel. And it's right next to the magazine!<name>, I can't be held responsible if some enterprising Horde <class> were to attach a limpet mine to that part of the hull. Not even if I supplied the mine. And paid <him/her>. Handsomely. The ship is anchored just southeast of here... go to it!Then radio me with this stolen gnomecorder."
"Mor'shan Caravan Delivery : You've managed to stir the Burning Blade's nest. Our scouts report that they are gathering for an attack.You must complete the caravan's journey before they arrive. The supplies are packed, the kodos are rested, and I hope you don't mind but I made a few adjustments to your gun.If you meet up with any resistance, shoot first and ask questions later.Quickly! They come! Speak to me when you are ready to leave."
"The Sleeping Druid : The Gnarlpine shaman that inhabit this place have discovered a way of separating a sleeping druid's spirit from the physical body. The furbolg have animated my physical form and are using it to attack anyone that attempts to explore the Ban'ethil Barrow Den. I am now trapped in the Emerald Dream, powerless to stop this.You must help me. The Gnarlpine shaman carry a strange charm which is used to perform this ritual, and I'd like to examine it. Please, <name>, bring one to me."
"An Ancient Awakens : I slumbered in the healing silt of Hyjal.I slept until the world broke open.When the others came, I was not ready.I am ready now, <race>.My children and I. Slow to anger.But our wrath is final.Tell those who sent you that we are prepared for war.The others will be cast from the mountain."
"The Absent-Minded Prospector : Who are you again? <name>? Have we met? If you're here from the League, you can tell them I'm not leaving! Not without my find. I had it, right in my hands! Then the screaming. Then the wetness.Listen here whos-yer-name, I documented the whole thing in my journal the day the tidal wave hit. And I know just where I left it! The journal. Not the find. Help me get the one so we can get the other! Or vice-versa! Do you follow? Follow me!"
"A Most Puzzling Circumstance : You have accomplished the truly impossible. The brood mother of the Black Dragonflight lies dead at your feet. Seize her head and deliver it to Zardeth of the Black Claw."
"The Kessel Run : You're just in time, <name>. Blood elf activity in this area has doubled in the past week. Our agents have informed us that the blood elves that call themselves Sunhawks plan to launch an offensive upon Azuremyst soon. I need you to get a warning out to our allies and compatriots.Warn High Chief Stillpine at Stillpine Hold, Exarch Menelaous at Azure Watch and Admiral Odesyus at Odesyus' Landing.Time is of the essence so I am lending you my elekk. Be sure to keep it out of water."
"Return to Aviana : <name>, you've done all you can here. This whole cavern is about to collapse in on itself!I'll gather up the last of our feathered steeds and ensure that the flamegate is sealed behind me.You should go on ahead and let Aviana know that this abominable hatchery is no more!"
"The Nightmare Scar : This confirms it. The overgrowth here is not being caused by a mere overabundance of energy.Do you understand? This is beyond what happened at the Wailing Caverns now. A rift into the Nightmare must have torn open in the middle of the very land we're standing on! And to think it's my fault...I'm done picking at the edges of this wound. Go to the west, to the center of the overgrowth, and meet me again there. We will dive into the heart of this corruption and force it shut!"
"I Shoot Magic Into the Darkness : Velen states that if the blood elves have been opening rifts between this island and the Outland, there will be residue or anomalies left in the areas where the portals have been opened. You must search the island for locations that exhibit or display these anomalies.Be warned, <name>; some of these anomalies will be creatures from the void itself. Should you find void anomalies, slay them! Report back to me with any new information that you may find. Begin your search to the north, near the Warp Piston."
"Official Assessment : You have accomplished much in your efforts against the naga, <name>. But I fear it is not nearly enough....This is my official assessment of the naga presence.I'm confident that my peers in the wildlands will take the necessary action.Bring this to Karnum at the glade in the center of the Cenarion Wildlands to the southeast. He will know what to do.Thank you, <name>. And farewell."
"Fresh From The Hills : Ice this time? Hoo boy, sure. I've got good news and bad news for you.The good news is there's a bunch of pure solid ice over in the Ice Thistle Hills cavern, straight east from Everlook. The bad news is there's also a bunch of vicious yetis in there.But if you can handle the yeti, hey, piece of cake! Just walk right up to the bigger chunks and crack 'em open with your weapon. Bring it all back to me and I'll do my thing."
"Tears of the Moon : Lady Sathrah was once beloved of Elune. Graceful and pure, the spider spun her silver threads through the moonlight, catching the evening mist. The silvery dew had strong healing powers and was kept at the nearby temple.But of late, Sathrah has descended into madness. Her future generations are now threatened as well.Find Lady Sathrah, <name>, and end her suffering. She dwells northeast of here, near the river. Gather her silvery spinnerets and bring them back to me."
"Denying Manpower : To the north, the Shatterspear have a war camp where they are constructing their catapults. The camp is guarded by some of their mystics, but I've started receiving reports that there are sightings of orcs and tauren there as well.I don't want to make any assumptions as to what that suggests, but I do want you to go in and kill them before they can make any further strikes on our Sentinels."
"What We Don't Know... : Our attempts at interrogation have failed miserably, <name>. Torture is - of course - out of the question. What we need is a draenei on the inside.I can cast a spell upon you that would make you appear blood elf and adjust your language. Through subterfuge, we may be able to get the information we need out of the captured agent.Under this guise, I want you to get whatever information you can out of the prisoner.And <name>, do not leave Blood Watch while disguised as the spell will fail."
"Artificial Intelligence : <A feminine voice addresses you over the portable terminal.>Emergency code: 55-729.Upper cerebral cortex functions in expedition members have been compromised.Please report to your nearest terminal location, to the southeast of the Sunstone Terrace, for further analysis."
"Ice Delivery : Alright, one high-quality, pure grade Instant Ice Block!I tried selling these to people for protection for a while. Y'know, like that trick you see mages pull? Couldn't figure out the whole ""breathing"" thing, though."
"Hell's Shells : Fresh and stinking, these innards will prove to be irresistible for Nemesis, the befouled turtle god created by Twilight's Hammer.Nemesis must eventually be destroyed, but first, we must collect a piece of his fiery armored shell. With it, we'll be able to work some magic to free the true ancient.Go into the Flamewake and drop this bait near Nemesis. It will distract him. Pry off a piece of his shell... then run, if you hope to survive the encounter."
"The Mad Magus : There's only one ting left dat we can do. Ya gotta slay someone with the big mojo in Tony's presence.No, not me!Ol' Magus Tirth went crazy when he tried ta stop the waters rushin' in at the Cataclysm. Now he be hauntin' the area just south of the Holdfast.Take dis soul stick an' use it on his corpse, mon. Then bring Tony back an' we be gettin' him back in his body.Ya can use me spirit portal ta get down there an' back."
"Secret Communication : Some of the Twilight's Hammer cultists carry around little papers with gibberish written on them.  I want you to bring me a stack of them, <class>.I can't figure out what the gibberish means, but that's not the point!  These papers are how their different groups communicate secretly.  The more texts we take out of circulation, the less they can communicate!"
"Traitors Among Us : It's good to meet you, <class>. I've come to Theramore to help eliminate the problem of the deserters. Not only have some of the men abandoned their posts, but some have filtered back into the town.These deserter agents are spreading lies and propaganda, hoping to convince others to join their ranks.They're at virtually every guard post throughout the town and the docks. Find them, expose them, and discredit them. At this point, anything more risks inspiring more sympathy for them."
"Teldrassil: Passing Awareness : While there is more I could speak to you of the moonwells and of Teldrassil, I must send you along. Corithras Moonrage will be expecting you. I have poured the phial of water you brought to me into this vessel to bring to him.Seek out Corithras. You will find him at the moonwell in Dolanaar. Follow the road south from Aldrassil out of Shadowglen, and continue to follow the cobblestones as the road turns west.Mind you stay on the road though, <name>. There are dangerous beasts in the forests of late."
"Thunderdrome: The Ginormus! : The rules are simple: Two men enter, one--wait. Sometimes there's women.Two people enter, one--Wait, no, sometimes it's more than two...and that means more than two come out--Alright, only rule is stay in the drome! There are no other rules!You're up against the biggest, baddest member of the Wastewander Bandits first. This'll either be a warmup or a bloodbath...it's up to you which!"
"The Conquest of Azshara : <name>! Was it you who piloted the wind rider who bombed the command center? It was a direct hit!My scouts tell me that you gravely wounded Jarrodenus, flight master of the night-elven skychasers and de facto commander of the opposition.The opportunity to strike is now - I don't have time to assemble a full assault. Rush the command center building and kill Commander Jarrodenus before his backup arrives. Bring me his head... and Azshara is ours!"
"Unbidden Visitors : Don' worry, Zen'Taji's not in any trouble.  He just been studyin' what happens when the river overflows.Ya see the big tall birds that stand on the riverbank?  Zen'Taji thinks they're in trouble.  The earthquake and the flood pushed the plainstriders over to this side of the water, but they can't fly back, and they're too scared to swim.They'll die if they stay here.  Zen'Taji doesn't like violence, but maybe YOU can attack them and scare them over to the other side.  Yes?"
"Crossroads Caravan Delivery : <Rocco hands you a familiar-looking shotgun.>I took the liberty of cleaning up Halga's artillery for you. I'm sure I don't need to warn you about the kickback. Just ask me when you're ready to mount up for the Crossroads! Thork is waiting for you there. Be sure not to give him any lip.Don't stop for nothing, <name>, and if someone gets too close, just give 'em a thump with the butt-end of your gun. Do us proud!"
"Reclaiming Felfire Hill : Little one, to the southwest is an area of Nightsong Woods that has in recent times come to be called Felfire Hill. It is very sad to see the demons crawling over it, spreading their corruption.Would you do something to help take back the land?I have a number of seeds that I have been saving for such a purpose. Take them to Felfire Hill and plant them in the fertile dirt mounds."
"Overlord Mok'Morokk's Concern : Bow before Overlord Mok'Morokk!Rexxar make me mighty leader of Stonemaul Clan!Me good leader. Me keep clan safe.Big dragons come and make fire at old home. Me smart ogre. Find new home for clan here.Leave old home so fast, me forget stuff. Tiny <race>, go get my things. Go south and find my yummy grog, my snuff and my strongbox. Me like you after you do that. You look in Den of Flame and Stonemaul Ruins... they be there, me sure!"
"Bearzerker : High Chieftain Winterfall's absence has done little to quell the rage of the Winterfall. In his absence, their greatest warrior has rose to a position of terrible power.Grolnar the Berserk lurks in the cave at the top of Winterfall Village, gorged on enough corrupt firewater to kill ten lesser furbolgs.He has become a bloated and horrible beast! Our warriors have been unable to face him... do you have the strength to defeat him, <class>?"
""
"Bone Collector : We're sitting on a goldmine here, I tell you - a goldmine!  Kodo bones will change the world forever... I have customers making furniture, music instruments, and even blasting powder out of them.There's a caravan that comes by and picks up my Kodo bones and then sells them at Shadowprey Village.  If you can travel to the kodo graveyard south of here and bring me ten Kodo bones, I'll give you something in return.  Is it a deal?"
"Demons Among Us : The king is wise to focus on the Legion's threat, <name>. Even now, the demons move against us.The Illidari will aid the cause of the Alliance. We believe they have set their sights on key locations around Azeroth. In fact, they could already be in your midst!I sense they are close..."
"The Lost Chalice : The area to our west, now called Satyrnaar, was once a prominent shrine built by my people. It housed a priceless relic, the Chalice of Elune, entrusted to the shrine's keepers by the priests of Elune. Pilgrims once traveled to the shrine to experience the healing powers the chalice was rumored to hold.These stories might be nothing but old wives' tales, but if there is any truth to them, the relic may hold the key to rejuvenating the wounded forest. I must know, <name>."
"Return and Report : It is done! Together we were able to bring down a dangerous adversary.Neptulon himself shall hear of your exploits here, <class>. Allow me to extend you his thanks...You should leave now. This place will not remain safe for long. Soon, the naga will seek vengeance for their priestess."
"Until Death Do Us Part : Filthy scum! Leaves me for his damn crusade. Because ""the Light is the most important thing we have against the threats the undead pose.""Well, what about his children?! What about ME?! Night after night I sat patiently waiting for him... always second to his blasted duty!Well, witness what ""justice"" brings you, <name>! He's dead and I'm bearing the very thing he was trying to stop!Take this piece of junk and put it on his tomb at the Sepulcher. I want nothing to do with it anymore... or him!"
"The Fires of Mount Hyjal : Do you see it, <name>? From the ridge southwest of here... plumes of black smoke curling into the sky.Mount Hyjal is burning.If the fires have raced this far up the mountain, surely they threaten the Grove of Aessina and all of our forces there. Can you investigate?Speak with Laina Nightsky near the Grove of Aessina. Last I heard, she was fighting off the assault."
"Dartol's Rod : I'm not completely certain what Teronis had in mind next, but if what he said was true about the rod's power, then it will allow you to take on another form altogether, presumably that of a furbolg.Perhaps he meant to use its powers to get closer to them, but even the uncorrupted creatures would slaughter him were he not careful. Transformed by the rod, Dartol would have to speak to a furbolg who was uncorrupted.I would start with one known as Krolg. Seek his hut southeast of Mystral Lake."
"Flushing Out Verog : Regthar Deathgate sent me here to observe the centaur activity, but the leader of this group is hard to pin down. I've discovered that his name is ""Verog the Dervish,"" but his whereabouts are a mystery.Can you help me do some digging? I know that ""Centaur Intelligence"" sounds like an oxymoron, but their camps are often littered with important communications. Search the centaur tents all around the Stagnant Oasis here and bring me back some info."
"The End of the Deserters : Now that we've eliminated the deserters from Theramore, it's time to complete this operation. My local contacts have reported that the deserters base their operations in a ship moored on a small island to the southeast of the docks.Arresting their leader, Gavis Greyshield, should cause the others to lose their will to fight. Find him within the ship and convince him to surrender. I wouldn't be surprised if he puts up a bit of a fight for show, but then surrenders when he understands he can't win."
"The Lord Admiral's Lament : The footlocker contains a number of Lord Admiral Daelin Proudmoore's personal effects. Among them is a rolled letter, sealed with sea-green wax and stamped with the Proudmoore crest. The parchment tears easily and requires careful handling and it appears that the ink has been largely washed away by tide and time.  Perhaps someone can restore the letter and reveal its contents."
"Umbranse's Deliverance : Umbranse lurks in the back of Mazthoril. His time has come.Unfortunately, I am unable to join you on this quest. While I'd love to get my hands on that snake, Mazthoril's magic would rip me apart in its current state. No, I need you to finish this for me.When the deed is done, use this charm. It will return you safely to the egress."
""
"Never Again! : <name>, it falls to you to see that this attack by the Burning Legion never comes to pass. You must go and slay their leaders.  Without them the demons will be mindless.You will find Gorgannon in Demon Fall Canyon south beyond Felfire Hill, near Mannoroth's floating, broken spear.Diathorus the Seeker resides somewhere in the barrow den atop Demon Fall Ridge. To find the ridge, look for a ramp up from Demon Fall Canyon near the Horde's monument to Grom Hellscream.Bring me their weapons."
"Threat from the Water : Some of the survivors of this last Auberdine attack are still trying to make it up the coast to safety. We only caught word that they were coming within the last hour. I wish that we had more warning...The coastline west of us is swarming with vile spray, vicious little water elementals. We need to clear them out if any of the survivors are to have a chance of making it to Lor'danel. Depart immediately and kill every elemental you see."
"Sheelah's Last Wish : I... I cannot believe she's gone. It all happened so fast....I understand that I have you to thank for avenging my mistress. For that, you have my gratitude, and that of Silvermoon.In her wisdom, my lady foresaw this end. She prepared a missive to be delivered in the event that something happened to her.We were to join an Orgrimmar retinue at the crossroads just north of here. Please, <race>, meet them in our stead and see that the message is delivered."
"Lost! : You've got to help me, <name>! My friend, Ringo left earlier to explore the volcano to the north of here, and he has been gone way too long. I am really worried about him.Do you think you could find him? Why don't you take my canteen with you -- if you do find Ringo, I'm sure he'll need it!"
"Pierce Their Heart! : There...The blood of the fallen Kaldorei is turned. It can now be used on the Forest Heart in Dor'Danil Barrow Den. Doing so will utterly corrupt it.The sacred relic of the arrogant elves will be turned against them. How poetic!<Durak laughs cruelly.>The barrow den lies nestled against the hills to the southeast. One of my imps has laid a blood trail from the entrance to the heart.Make haste! Kadrak is not likely to be in a patient mood.Off you go, <class>."
"Second Sight : Sylvanas becoming Warchief may be problematic. In life she was a proud ranger, known to many in our ranks. But since the Scourge took her, some of her own allies do not trust the Banshee Queen.The Legion will strike at the first hint of dissension.Even now, I sense something amiss, <name>. I fear that not all is as it seems.Quickly, use your Spectral Sight. We must know if there are foes among us!"
"Proof of Treachery : Although Onyxia has been exposed and removed from the court, the Defias who carried out her plan must be punished. Carry word to Grand Admiral Jes-Tereth in Stormwind castle that the Defias are the ones who carried out the Varian's kidnapping. I have little doubt that Stormwind's armies will mete out swift and terrible justice to those involved.I can use my magic to expedite your trip to Stormwind. Just speak to me when you're prepared to go, <name>."
"Dark Heart : Edana Hatetalon is the queen of the Northspring harpies that reside in the ruins to the west. It is her malicious will that leads the harpies to defend their nests among the ruins of our people.The harpies can call to her with a horn they carry - blowing it by the Hatetalon stones, in the northern part of the ruins, will summon Edana.Show no mercy for these foul creatures. Slay her, and bring her dark heart to me."
"Crushing the Cores : These searing guardians are murderous! We destroy them, and within minutes, they reignite from the ashes.I think there's a way to destroy them permanently, but we'll need someone who can fight through the front ranks.<name>, kill the searing guardians and take their smoldering cores to the nearby anvils. Smash them on the Twilight Anvils, and destroy them for good!"
"Ending the Bloodcurse : To the south you will find Bloodcurse Isle. Atop the island you will find a shrine dedicated to the beloved queen of the naga, Azshara. Destroy the statue - burn it in effigy! This will surely draw the ire of Atoph, the Bloodcursed leader.Slay Atoph and return to me!"
"Ashes to Ashes : To the west, deep within Alliance-held Andorhal, you will find their commanders.  They do not fight, but call out orders from horseback.Hunt down and slay these commanders, <name>.  The humans won't stand a chance."
"Running the Gauntlet : Look around you, <class>. We've had no luck dislodging the Horde from the hidden trails that overlook this valley. They appear out of nowhere to ambush our supply caravans and then disappear into the hills!I need you to run the gauntlet to Honor's Stand and let them know the roads still aren't safe. Talk to Mattingly, the supplies officer by the gate.And kill a few of these brutes along the way!"
"To New Thalanaar : We are staging a relief effort at New Thalanaar for all of Thousand Needles. The goblin, Dyslix Silvergrub, will lend you my hippogryph to safely get you there. Speak with Caryssia Moonhunter when you land.You must go quickly if lives are to be saved!"
"Navarax's Gambit : I have been preying on these demonic impostors for some time now, and I have finally gleaned the location of their leader. It is none other than Arch Druid Navarax, the leader of the Emerald Circle.The demon shields himself with innocents. If I entered Whisperwind Grove to hunt him, I would be set upon by ignorant protectors... but you! You can catch him unaware.Return to Whisperwind Grove. Climb the druid tower and you'll find Navarax at the top, in his room amidst the boughs."
"The Trial of Shadow : Let us not be confined by the bounds of the mage repertoire of magic. I, for one, choose not to be classist. Necromancy can just be so much fun!Touch the Shadow Crystal to open a portal to my Trial of Shadow. Once there, move to the Altar when you are ready to begin.Weeping Souls shall begin to pursue you... your goal is simply to drag them into the traps. And be sure not to let them touch you."
"Keep the Fires Burning : This is no small task, <race>!We have more ships arriving, and without the lighthouse they'll be lost - or worse! You are hereby charged with keeping its fire lit.Collect the blubber from the hydras in these waters, then bring it to the forge here to melt it into oil.Throwing that oil on the lighthouse fire will buy us the time we need."
"Moonglade Calls : I have received word that our brothers in Moonglade have requested your help, <name>. You should travel there and speak with Loganaar in Nighthaven. He will tell you all you need to know."
"We're Here to Do One Thing, Maybe Two... : You're in Hellscream's army now, <name>, and in Hellscream's army we kick butt and take names. Gone are the days of our people starving in the streets of Orgrimmar as we sign treaties with elves. We take what we need now. Kalimdor belongs to the Horde!The Alliance attempts to stop our expansion every chance they get. Unsatisfied with owning most of the Eastern Kingdoms, those pig-lickers want it all!Overlord Krom'gar has called for more troops in Stonetalon. Get on the caravan west of here and go!"
"Vyral the Vile : We have discovered another base of operations for the Twilight's Hammer.  It is called Twilight's Run; it is a cave tucked in the northeast corner of Silithus.  The local leader of the cult, Vyral the Vile, haunts that cave - it is he who you must next defeat.  When you have done this, bring me his signet ring.Fortune to you, <name>.  The horrors of Twilight's Run are formidable indeed."
"A Trip to the Moonwell : It didn't work.<A sorrowful and resigned expression upon his face, Pelturas removes the tear from the soup and gently washes it.>The eruption of Thunder Peak must have affected it in some way. You must take the tear to the Moonwell of Purity, which still lies intact, protected by the goddess' power, at the southeast base of the volcano.There, you will wash it in the sacred waters of Elune. What happens beyond that, I cannot say. I fear for my daughter's life. It is in your hands now, <name>."
"Lightning in a Bottle : Lo'Gosh granted me a vision while you were in the hovel, <name>. I saw you striding across the Lightning Ledge, with lightning bolts in your hand. The vision was powerful: Lo'Gosh feels this is of utmost importance. We must not fail the ancient.Upon the Lightning Ledge, Twilight's Hammer has been experimenting with devices they call ""Lightning Channels.""Investigate one of these channels, then use this totem to summon the Spirit of Lo'Gosh and learn what the ancient is planning..."
"Pirate Accuracy Increasing : I don't know if you've noticed, but the cannonballs are hitting us. I'd say the Southsea pirates are getting more accurate... the ship is on fire!You've got a river boat now. Go talk to Mazzer Stripscrew.Put those fires out!"
"Coming Out of His Shell : It looks like our egg is ready to hatch! Isn't this exciting!  Come, let us welcome our new little friend to this world."
"Razormaw : Many of the black dragonflight were slain during the attacks. One of them, a lieutenant of Deathwing himself, still haunts this place. If you look to the heavens, you can see his spectral countenance circling the skies. His hatred is so great that he remains even in death.Take the bones that you gathered for me earlier to the top of the mountain on this island and place them in the ever-burning pyre. This act should signal Razormaw to descend. When he does, slay his undead form."
"Lessons From the Past : This unfortunate explorer has clearly suffered a bit of bad luck in the recent past.Prudence dictates that you perform the unenviable task of searching the corpse for clues that might shed light on your surroundings..."
"Prisoners of the Grimtotems : We're doing all we can to keep the Grimtotem raiders at bay, but they keep launching assaults on the tower. Even worse, they've managed to discover and capture the patrols the captain sends out to gather information and safeguard the road.I suspect the captives are being held in Blackhoof Village, to the northwest. Knowing the Grimtotems, the defenders of the village probably carry the keys to the prisoners' cages with them. I don't care what you have to do, <class>, just bring back my men alive."
"Twilight Riot : I thank you for freeing me.  Let us take advantage of the distraction you've created and get out of here.We must hurry before the cultists catch on.Meet me again when we've left this place."
"Kolkar Leaders : The centaurs have plagued the tauren for years. And recently, the Kolkar centaurs of the Barrens have grown into a real threat. Normally they were disorganized in these lands, but new leaders have risen among them. Rallying them.To preserve our holdings here, these centaur leaders must be destroyed.Bring me the head of Barak Kodobane. He camps west of these Forgotten Pools.Defeat him, then return to me."
"More than Coincidence : We've gleaned as much as we can from the ruins of the inn. I'm concerned about where the investigation will lead us from here, but we must know the truth.Between the hoofprints and the shield with Mosarn's mark, I'm led to believe that the Grimtotems may have been involved. They've recently established a settlement in the swamp, Blackhoof Village to the northeast. Travel to Blackhoof Village and search for more arms of Mosarn's manufacture."
"Hunting Brendol : I'm too busy collectin' artifacts to busy myself with much else, but there is a bit of an issue here I wouldn't mind sortin' out.There's a forsaken apothecary who's been pokin' around these parts for a while now. Normally, I'd ignore him, but three times now he's snuck into my camp and pilfered my supplies.... enough's enough!Find the thief and bring me whatever's left o' my things!"
"The Hammer and the Key : My Nemesis. Still lives.The servants of fire still come.We must pursue. Into their den.The ogres know the way.Slay the Field Captains.Recover the Glyph of Opening.This is the way."
"... and Bugs : Another component of my new recipe is the shelled leg of a giant crab.  And the crabs they have in Dustwallow -- spiny rock crawlers they call them -- will be perfect!The shell of the crab leg is a key element of the dish's presentation so I need pristine, unscarred legs.  An adult crab might only have one or two such legs, and I need a lot in order to research my dish.Head on over to the rocks surrounding Theramore and get me those legs!"
"Ferocitas the Dream Eater : The emerald... It is missing! My dreamcatcher has been damaged!There is a band of Gnarlpine mystics located to the north of Starbreeze. I have heard reports that their leader, Ferocitas the Dream Eater, has been wearing a necklace that glows green in the night. Now seeing my dreamcatcher, I am sure that he has stolen my emerald... He would never realize that its power is useless to him.Find this missing jewel, <name>. And, while you're there, clear out some of the corrupted mystics as well."
"Egg Hunt : Skylord Omnuron wants us to find Aviana's Egg, and I can almost guarantee you it's cloaked by one of Sethria's shadow devices.Search around the camp for shadow cloak generators and shut those things down until you find the egg.Once you've unveiled it, I'll call out to the other druids. Defend that egg until we can carry it off to safety.Go get that egg, <name>!"
"Ogre Abduction : This is neither a crude ogre trinket, nor an ancient relic made by my kind. Its specific construction is new to me...and this fact disturbs me greatly.The wolf-girl will be sending you to Dire Maul soon, to fight the Gordok elite. They are the leaders of the Gordunni, and would know who is supplying these.Take the orb back, I've cast a few enchantments on it. Hold it up in front of a weakened Gordok ogre, and once you've captured him, bring it back here."
"Learning from the Crystals : Welcome to Blood Watch, <class>. Seeing to the defenses of the outpost is my primary concern, but I've also been tasked with a variety of other duties by our leaders at the Exodar.The problem is that it's hardly safe to send out large amounts of researchers when the island is this dangerous. I need someone to gather a series of crystal samples from various sites on the island.The first sample I need must come from the ravager infested ship debris south of the town and across the bridge."
"Slash and Burn : Victory is possible, <name>.This portal is not just a means of bringing back Cenarius through the dream.  Think about it, <name>.  Once a gateway through the Emerald Dream is open, our forces can use them to move freely from Moonglade, Nordrassil, and even Wyrmrest, to this strategic location.All Ysera needs is time. It'll be up to you to keep the Twilight's Hammer forces in Darkwhisper Gorge from pulling together and attacking us from the east.Take one of the emerald drakes and hit them hard, <name>."
"SMASH BROODQUEEN : <The following is written in very large print.>SPIDERS IN NORTH CAVE BAD. POISON OGRES. OGRES GET SICK. BAD!BIG BIG SPIDER IN CAVE MAKE MORE SPIDERS. MORE SPIDERS BAD!KILL BIG SPIDER, STOP MORE SPIDERS. KILL BIG SPIDER, GET BIG PRIZE! GOOD!<A crude drawing accompanies this.>"
"Things Left Behind : The invading aqir forced the Wastewanders to flee many of our settlements in Uldum. In our haste to escape, much was left behind.  I understand you intend to take the fight to the beasts. While you're there, could you keep an eye out for any of the supplies we had to leave behind?   You can keep anything of use to you, of course."
"Fetid Filets : You know, it occurred to me that since this creature has been imbued with void energy, it may prefer a more... corrupted food source.  I speak, of course, of the Minions of N'Zoth.  It's a long shot, but it's worth a try."
"More Fetid Filets : Our little guy is getting hungry again.   Could you pick him up a quick bite to eat?"
"Stupid Drizle! : Stupid, stupid Drizle! I told him not to go!Drizle wanted to steal more honey from Felpaw Village... you know, just west of here? You can see it from the cliff...Anyway... I told him it was a dumb idea but he went anyway, and then the Deadwood tribe got him, and... and...Sniff...I don't know what they're gonna do! Please find him, <Mr./Ms.> <race>! Even if he is a dummy! I don't want Drizle to get eaten!"
"Special Delivery for Brivelthwerp : I recently came into possession of something that needs to be delivered to a gnome that goes by the name, Brivelthwerp. It's more like Briveltwerp if you ask me.I want you to take it to him in the southwest, down at the Sunken Dig Site. He's up to something and there's moolah involved... I can smell it!Keep an eye on what he's doing, <name>, and see if you can't get a cut of his profits. A big cut!"
"The Titans' Terminal : Now that we have the disc, a lot of our earlier finds are starting to make sense. Shortly after my arrival, Prospector Remtravel unearthed what he presumed to be a prehistoric toaster.It's my belief that this slotted box is some sort of data reader. Unfortunately, it broke apart and washed away with the rest of our base camp when the tidal wave struck!It can't have gone far, <name>. Pieces must be buried in the nearby sand. Here, use my trusty buried artifact detector to comb the beach for them."
"By the Light of the Stars : Look at this, <name>.<Harrison holds up the dead scout's goggles.>I tightened the clamp in the middle and crimped the wires on the edges. They may not be the most comfortable, but they should hold together.If I've translated your tablets correctly, there's something hidden here - a final piece to our puzzle.I hope your spectacles hold the key.Let me know what you find!"
"They Don't Know What They've Got Here : Listen, <name>. I don't have a lot of time to talk here.These guys are excavating relics from this site and taking pieces of ancient technology that we need!I need you to check their crates for pieces of an ancient activation device. The officers should have the codes you'll need to open them.Hurry!We can't let them load this stuff into their planes!"
"Smoke in Their Eyes : I'm not sure what knuckle-headed plan your friend is concocting, but we're going to need a distraction if we're to stand a chance of escaping.Take the torch from that brazier and go start some fires.Perhaps if we divert the Neferset scum's attention away for a few minutes, we'll have the opportunity we need."
"A Little Help From My Friends : Ugh... It's so hot...I was exploring this area, when all of a sudden, the heat just became unbearable. I must be suffering from heat exhaustion.Please, help me get back to my friend Spraggle at Marshal's Stand. I think I'm well enough to follow you there.I am feeling a little out of it, so you can slap me if I'm feeling woozy.  If I do happen to faint again, just splash some water on me from Spraggle's canteen. That should work, I hope..."
"Mastering Puppets : <During your brief communion with the Eye, you felt that its power source lay deep within the hovel. You felt the weight of a powerful tome, binding together four elements.><Mastering the Eye will require you to search the hovel for this tome.>"
"The Ravaged Caravan : I was part of a caravan taking supplies to the Orebor Harborage in Zangarmarsh. As we were nearing the border of the marsh, we were jumped by a vicious squad of Warmaul ogres. They killed the others and took me prisoner, along with all of our supplies.Thankfully, they neglected to place a backing on my cage. When they fell asleep, I made my escape.It's too late for my comrades but we could really use the supplies they stole. Warmaul Hill is in the northwestern mountains of Nagrand."
"Return to Jaina : We must make plans to destroy the remnants of the Defias. Please convey my thanks to Lady Jaina, back in Theramore. She has ever been a loyal friend and steadfast ally.Go to the Mage Quarter at the western end of the city and speak with Archmage Malin at the foot of the tower there. He will speed your return to Theramore."
"Welcome to Orgrimmar : The warchief will be waiting for our mission report from Exile's Reach. I must deliver it at once.  For now, Cork Fizzlepop will show you around the city. Orgrimmar has much to offer, so explore it as you see fit.  I'll send for you once I've given my report to the warchief."
"What's Your Specialty? : Hey, <name>! Have you decided on a combat specialization yet?  Since you're a <class>, you already know about the different classes available to adventurers. But did you know that there are also areas of specialization within each class?  Choosing a specialization is an important decision. Your specialty determines your combat role in a party, as well as the kinds of weapons and abilities that you will use.  Let's go speak with Mulric Boldrock to learn more about specializations!"
"Black Heart of Flame : Now you will use our newfound knowledge to pull Thol'embaar into the mortal plane like a babe screaming from the womb. Then you will crush him.The ritual is simple: take this charred branch, tap it on the ground three times, and utter his name aloud.You must call him from within the heart of the Inferno. Destroy him, and bring his black heart back to me."
"The Low Road : This bundle of papers was found in a leather satchel hidden under the officer's clothes.Battle maps of the region depict Honor's Stand, connected to what appears to be a large unfinished roadway crossing the Barrens all the way from Theramore. It looks like the Alliance plans to build a road from the coast straight into the heart of Kalimdor!Kilrok Gorehammer will want to see this."
"An Ocean Not So Deep : You look like an able sort!There are a great number of wrecks off of the coast here... most old, some new. For quite some time, I've been trying to get at their holds and put their valuables to more use, but there's a nasty infestation of murlocs that seem to have other ideas. I've sent scores of adventurers and none have returned.Worry not, I've learned my lesson, and that is not your fate. Swim to the due north and look for Gary. He'll explain the new plan. It's pretty simple really."
"Sen'jin Village : You've be doin' quite well for one so young. I've no doubts you'll be makin' quite da name for yarself.Go now, northwest, across da shallows ta Sen'jin Village. Dere you'll be meetin' Master Gadrin. He'll likely have a task or two for ya before ya truly make ya way out into the Durotar wilds.Please remember, <name>, we may disagree wit' the young Hellscream at times, but his intentions are noble, and it be very important that we remain united as one Horde. Make da Darkspear proud."
"The Short Way Home : Looks like your work here is done, <class>. You'd better head back to the Crossroads.Luckily for you, my Silver Bullet X-831 prototype is finished, and she's ready for a test drive. Whaddaya say you do me one last favor and take her for a little spin?One of my assistants will accompany you. Your sweet, sweet ride is waiting on the platform behind me. Just hop on when you're ready."
"Starfall Village : You've been pretty busy around here. If you're still eager to do good deeds, or just get paid, I've got something you might be interested in.Starfall Village is just northwest of Everlook. The night elves there recently suffered a pretty nasty bug infestation, and they're asking for any help they can get.A few goblins from here already went there to start exterminating, but I'm sure there's room for more. Talk to Wynd Nightchaser, he'll fill you in."
"In the Outhouse : Hello? Hello! HELP!I'm almost out of air! You have to get me out of here!<The voice inside gags.>One of those Southsea treasure hunters has got to have a crowbar!"
"The Fossil-Finder 3000 : One of the things I hate the most about digging is the fact that half the time, all you find is dirt.  That's why I've been spending most of my time out here tinkering instead of digging.Let me show you what I've invented: the Fossil-Finder 3000.  I just put the finishing touches on it.  If it works properly, it should find the largest fossils in the area.  I know, sweet, huh?Test it out and see if you can find some ridiculously big dinosaur bones."
"Playing With Felfire : <Draaka leans down to speak to you.>Listen... Before you say anything, I KNOW we're not to meddle with demonic energies....But look around you! These are desperate times, <class>.We'll most likely die here, regardless. May as well go out in a blaze of glory, I say!So... Are you in?Take this canister and go southeast to Felfire Hill. Use it near the patches of felfire and bring it back to me when you've filled it.Oh, and best not to mention this to anyone...."
"Hungry, Hungry Hatchling : The venomhide hatchling looks at you expectantly, then begins to scrawl a pictogram into the dirt.The drawings are rough, but you can make out the shapes of diemetradons, stegodons, and pterrordaxes. As the raptor finishes the sketch, it looks up at you, bares its teeth, and makes a biting motion.Your venomhide hatchling must be craving fresh meat from these animals. Find and kill any type of diematradon, stegodon, or pterrordax in Un'Goro Crater and feed its meat to your hungry hatchling."
"Thieving Little Pluckers : I don't have the most glamorous job in the world.I do not concern myself with matters of war or the deep mysteries of the halls of Uldum or what have you.I am in charge of these grounds... and these grounds grow dates.Now, these little date-plucking mongrels have gotten gutsy enough to stand on each other's shoulders to try and steal my precious fruit.I will not stand for this.Take this mallet, crafted by the titans, blessed by the sun-kings and who-knows-what-else and smash the runts!"
"Catch and Release : The Blacksilt murlocs on the southwestern coast are curious creatures. In some ways, they act barely sentient, yet in others, they show a remarkable degree of organization.I have a few theories about that, but no real way to test them until recently. I've devised a method that will allow me to track the murlocs I'm interested in without doing any lasting harm or interfering with their natural behavior. If you're willing to help with the marking, I'll gladly pay you for your assistance."
"Saving Princess Stillpine : Help me, <name>! The Bristlelimb captured me and are planning to sacrifice me to their foul gods!High Chief Bristlelimb holds the key that opens the cage. To force him to appear, you must slaughter the evil Bristlelimb furbolgs that inhabit the enclave, just two camps to the west of this camp. If you kill enough of them, he will surely come for vengeance! When he shows up, kill him and get the key!My father will richly reward you if you can save me!"
"Deliver the Goods : Alright, <name>, I need you to get this oil back to Pozzik on the Speedbarge, and let him know the good news!"
"Airborne Again : We just got word from Valormok that we can't send anymore windriders that way unless we want them shot down by Talrendis snipers. We can't give up Valormok if we want a secure route to Ashenvale, so we're going in another way.The airborne priests have graciously offered to drop some people in for us from above sniper range. Head up to the military area and secure a ride on one of their planes. They'll get you there in one piece, and hopefully once you're there, you can resecure our windrider lines."
"Ashenvale Outrunners : Blasted elves! Dey knew right where to hit us!It was dem outrunners... I tried to warn 'em that we were being spied on, but no one listened. Now look at us - cooped up here like chickens!Never too late for vengeance, mon! Hunt 'em down and make 'em pay for what they done!"
"A Shambling Threat : Dustwallow is Horde territory, <name>. The humans may have their little island and their precious sand bar, but the marsh belongs to us.In time, we will surely win this stalemate with the humans. For now, we must master our own territory. The withervine bog beasts to the north rise from the marsh itself to attack any living thing that approaches. If we own this marsh, we must not let our own land fight back against us!Slay the bog beasts, if you wish to serve the Horde. You will be rewarded."
"Free Your Mind, the Rest Follows : <Rio said that the draught would not remain effective for long.><You'd better hurry into the hovel and administer it to as many Twilight Servitors as you can find.>"
"The Twilight's Hammer : A group of Twilight's Hammer cultists has set up camp southwest of here.  They're preparing an army of water elementals to use against Lor'danel.Their leader, High Cultist Azerynn, has pacts with the dark Old Gods that grant his sect power over the elements.  Go and deal with them before it's too late, <name>.The cataclysm has left the elemental spirits in disarray... it's only a matter of time until they have enough elementals to overcome our defenses."
"To The Ramparts! : These woods may be silent but our enemies lurk behind every trunk. I've discovered many an orc with arrows in his back, his weapon still sheathed.It is treacherous here, behind the lines, but we could use strong arms and sharp minds down at the Mor'shan Ramparts. Kadrak is preparing an offensive from there - he prefers action to talk. You and he will get along.Speak with me when you are ready and I will fly you there."
"A Not-So-Charmed Life : The furbolg covet that which does not belong to them.<Hephaestus turns the charm over in his hand and then discards it.>There's a property to the carving that slowly corrupts those that aren't trolls. As I understand it, the furbolg have done this sort of thing before. Some never learn.No doubt they hoard most of the charms in Thistlefur Hold above their village to the north."
"Spirits of Stonemaul Hold : Brogg has completed the totem that will put the spirits of his friends to rest. When the dragonkin came, they killed all Stonemaul who did not flee. Brogg fled with Overlord Mok'Morokk, hoping to lead a counterattack with other Stonemaul survivors.The counterattack never came and the spirits of the Stonemaul dead still haunt Brogg and the others. Take this totem north to Stonemaul Ruins and use it near ogre skeletons to draw the spirit to you. Defeat the spirit to give it rest with its bones."
"Save the Wee Animals : Help us, <class>! The forest is aflame, and the wee animals can't find their way out. They can't fight for themselves, with their teeny-tiny little teeth and their soft furry paws! They're fluffy and sweet.They have wet little noses!If you don't save them, I don't want to even THINK about it.<She slaps her palms over her eyes.>I'm not thinking!"
"The Brave and the Bold : <Rau dismissively waves a note around with Taur-ahe markings on it.>Those mongrels have captured one of our braves! They're threatening to kill him if we don't pull back!We'll never allow those Grimtotem cowards to keep Freewind Post! Please, rescue him before it's too late, <class>."
"Skull Rock : <name>.  The Burning Blade has infested the cave east of Orgrimmar known as Skull Rock.  Inside that cave they perform vile rituals, and burn their own flesh with Searing Collars.By wearing these collars, I believe the cultists attune themselves to demonic power.  But to confirm this, I must have a collection of the collars to study.Go to Skull Rock and gather Searing Collars from the cultists you find there.  Bring them to me, and I will uncover their secrets."
""
"Flames from Above : We've identified the general direction where the infiltrators have been coming from, thanks to your work.Now we just need to shut down their camp and put an end to their operations this side of Nordrassil.Take this horn.  It will signal one of our emerald drakes to swoop down and give these Twilight cultists a taste of the flames they so madly worship."
"Break the Unbreakable : With the claw, we are ready to break through the Jadefire's defenses.Head into the ruins to the northwest. Beyond the frontline of the satyr you'll find a narrow pass heading to their corrupted moonwell. An enormous wall of demonic flame bars the path, but the Claw of Tichondrius should be able to dispel it.Beyond the barrier you will find the leader of these forces, Xavathras, guarding the corrupted moonwell. Slay him once you are through!"
"Finish Nemesis : Your turtle companion can use this newfound power to render the two of you invulnerable for a short period of time. You can ""turtle up"" to avoid the worst of Nemesis and his fury. To do so, simply invoke this totem.This is all I can do for you. Together, you and a Child of Tortolla must defeat Nemesis, once and for all. Finish the Usurper!Return to me if you lose your turtle friend."
"Demon Seed : Listen <name>, we can't leave quite yet. I managed to overhear their plans while they were preparing for the ritual sacrifice.They're planning to use a powerful artifact called the Demon Seed to launch a full scale attack on the Horde. They're keeping it under close guard over in that cave.If you can get your hands on the Demon Seed, we should take it to my sister Nagala. She'll know what to do with it."
"Impending Retribution : Now that you've been suitably rewarded, I hope I can speak with you frankly.You've done my kingdom a great favor, but you've also unbalanced a fragile peace process.I was pursuing my brother's release strictly through diplomatic means in order to avoid bloodshed.Now, the enemy is sure to seek retaliation.Speak to Nomarch Teneth at the Tahret Grounds to the east, Sun Priest Asaris at the Seal of the Sun King to the north and Asaq at Mar'at to the west.  Find out where the enemy will strike."
"Lycanthoth the Corruptor : I think I understand what's happening here. The Twilight's Hammer fears that the ancients may someday rise up to oppose them. They'll do anything to stop the return of Goldrinn.This ""Lycanthoth"" is a twisted version of our beloved wolf god, summoned by the Twilight's Hammer to replace him.Bah! It is but a shadow of Goldrinn's power. <name>, kill this beast so that the true ancient can return. Take this incense and burn it in the Maw of Lycanthoth east of here. Slay that beast and free Goldrinn!"
"The Ancients are With Us : Nemesis... destroyed.I feel rejuvenated.Powerful.Awakened.Tell Ysera my strength is hers.The Twilight's Hammer will fall."
"The Strength of Tortolla : The dark usurper Nemesis fled here when the fires of Hyjal receded. We are not yet strong enough to defeat Nemesis, <name>, but we may be able to turn his own strength against him.I will send a child of Tortolla with you, one of the children you freed earlier from the Twilight's corruption.Search the depths of this cave for a Nemesis Crystal, and allow the young turtle to examine it.See me if you lose your companion!"
"Timbermaw Hold : Okay, I know this is a longshot, but I figure it never hurts to ask.While I deal with the fallout of all the ridiculous nonsense that just went on here, I need you to go speak to some bears. The Timbermaw furbolg control the forests to the northeast, and they're not too fond of us.I just need someone to give them the idea the Horde isn't all that bad. Head northeast up the road to Timbermaw Hold--don't go into Felpaw Village--and ask the furbolg outside if they have any favors they'd like done."
"Are We There, Yeti? : My friends are always coming up with great ideas. I've never felt like I could match them... until today! I just drew up the plans for something great! If you promise not to tell, I'll let you in on the secret... I'm going to make a mechanical yeti! Not only are my friends sure to be freaked out when they see it, but when they get over that, I know they'll be impressed!I need thick yeti fur from the Ice Thistle yeti. There's plenty of them in the Ice Thistle Hills to the southeast."
"Warchief's Command: Southern Barrens! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Nura Pathfinder at the High Road in the Southern Barrens. With the recent Alliance victories in the Barrens, our enemies are threatening to cut our supply lines and leave our warriors stranded. We must act!To reach the High Road, travel east from Stonetalon Mountains. If necessary, you can get a flight there from Doras in Orgrimmar.Destiny calls!"
"Inciting the Elements : This is no mere natural occurrence, <name>.  There must be a twilight presence behind our lines that we haven't accounted for.It's possible that whoever is instigating the elemental disturbance is using foul magic to hide themselves from our sight.Seek the aid of the faerie dragons that roam near the World Tree; they can see through any of our enemy's illusions.Feed them the juniper berries that grow nearby to gain their trust."
"Warmth of the Sun : The desert nights in Uldum can get awfully cold. I fear for our little egg's ability to withstand these temperatures.  These Amathet to the East seem to have mastered the harnessing of the sun's energy. If we could borrow some of their expertise, we could use it to keep the egg nice and cozy.  Keep your eyes open for something we can use."
"An Ancient Reborn : I'm convinced that YOU are the herald of Aviana, <name>. It was you who first saw her and rescued her essence from the claws of a dragon.Yes, I believe Aviana is to be reborn into our world. And you shall have the honor of ushering her over the threshold.Take this incense and burn it before Aviana's egg in the room just above me.The ancient awaits, <name>. Our deliverance is here!"
"Territorial Fetish : Dis is no casual counter-attack. We be fully intendin' ta slaughter every last naga here and do anything we can ta ensure that dey will have no desire ta return.I want ya ta place dese fetishes on any Spitescale banner ya be findin' inside their cave. It should prove a clear statement of what we think of their presence here. More dan dat, da magic in dese fetishes will be weakenin' any Spitescale dat approach, which should make dem second guess stayin' on our isle."
"The Demon Scarred Cloak : The ragged hide of Ghost Howl still bears a terrible wound, gained from the wolf's battles against the Burning Legion.Perhaps someone in Camp Sungraze should know of Ghost Howl's demise...."
"Runaway Shredder! : I've been trying to impress our new Horde allies with our legendary goblin efficiency, but in hindsight automating the shredders was a bad idea. Now they're mindless killing machines, rampaging over the countryside. Don't get me wrong - that kind of thing has its place - but for the time being I need a brave <class> to help me get these things under control.It's easy. Automated shredders, like all machines, must first be beaten into submission. Afterwards, seize the controls and I'll radio you instructions."
"A Lost Companion : Please help... I can barely sit up.My friend, a bear named Grimclaw, he's not here. I sent him ahead to let the Sentinels know we were coming before we left Auberdine, but he never arrived. I sensed something might be amiss as we were leaving, but with the evacuation, I never had a chance to act on it.If he's injured, there's only one place that he would go - the Withering Thicket, north of Auberdine, down the road to the south from here. Bring him back to me safely... he's my only family."
"Dousing the Flames of Protection : The braziers are spread throughout Shadow Hold.Enter the tunnel into Shadow Hold, and follow it through the underground passageways. Douse each of the brazier's flames and the protections the Council has set up will fall for at least a short period of time."
"Fire in the Hole! : Land's sakes, pardner! You done shut off those valves but good.Unfortunately we've had a critical blowout in our gosh-darned central burnoff regulator! Missus Darla's done sent as many workers as she can rustle to go shut it off, but those flames have a mind of their own!Literally! They're hoppin' up and grabbin' anyone who comes near! So Darla says if you can muster up out of that cave you're in and beat that elemental, she's got a mighty fine prize in store for ya!"
"Je'neu of the Earthen Ring : The Earthen Ring is a shamanistic group dedicated to studying and preserving the elements.  They have forgotten more about crazy old gods, ancient legends and lore than most scholars will ever know.Lucky for you, I know someone in the Earthen Ring here in Ashenvale.  Head over to Zoram'gar Outpost on the coast of the Zoram Strand; show Je'neu Sancrea what you found.  If anyone can figure out that globe's significance, it'd be him."
"Exploding Through : What a find!Right here... exactly where my notes predicted it would be.With any luck, inside this chamber will lie clues to the location of the legendary Coffer of the Promise.That's right, <name>. It's not just a myth. I believe it truly exists.I'll explain more later. For now, just give me a hand with these explosives."
"King of Centaur Mountain : We were sent here to track movements of the Kolkar centaur, but after a week of watching these dirty animals scamper all around this oasis, I'm itching to give my axe a taste of their necks. What do you say, <class>? Want to cause a little havoc with me?Let's see if we can attract the attention of their strongest warrior, Kurak."
"Gazlowe's Fortune : Sink me, you were right! There's a map tattooed on the skull.That cursed Baron - he buried my treasure right under my nose. Or, above my head, anyway. The map points to a place on the bluffs over Ratchet, to the south.Follow the road west out of the city, get atop the hill, head south, then run back towards the coast and look for an enormous tree overlooking the bay. Fetch my treasure and I'll split it with you!"
"A Weapon of the Horde : It would seem I underestimated your initial value.We will have need of your kind in the coming war. I plan to hunt these demons to the ends of Azeroth, and your kind will be the arrow I shall loose upon them.Tell your Illidari within Orgrimmar to make ready to serve the Horde.But make no mistake, your kind once served the Betrayer. Betray me, and there is no world you can run to that will save you from my vengeance."
"Bloodfen Feathers : Are you startled by Brogg's presence here, little <race>? Don't worry. Goblins at Mudsprocket are Brogg's friends and you can be, too.Brogg left Brackenwall Village when new overlord not take revenge against black dragonkin for destroying old home and killing many of Brogg's old friends. Brogg come here to lay friends spirits to rest and avenge them, but Brogg need help preparing. For ritual, Brogg need feathers with strong magic, like ones worn by raptors at Bloodfen Burrow to the west of town."
"Ghost Walker Post : Greetings, <class>.It is good to see that you still draw breath. The time has come for me to call upon your services.Just southwest of this glade stands Ghost Walker Post. There you will find a forsaken by the name of Maurin Bonesplitter.He may have a solution for one of the problems we face here.Speak with him and do what you can to assist him."
"Warchief's Command: Dustwallow Marsh! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Krog at Brackenwall Village. The marsh is overrun with enemies of many kinds and the Alliance forces there are dangerously strong.You can travel to Dustwallow Marsh by following the path from the eastern part of the Southern Barrens toward Brackenwall Village. Or, you can get a flight there from Doras in Orgrimmar.Destiny calls!"
"The Final Flame of Bashal'Aran : It is in times like these that we are forced to stop and examine our way of life. We are mortal now, and no matter how much we desire otherwise, we are deserving of our new place in this world.Bashal'Aran, down the road to the south, once a city of our ancestors, it now is home to their cursed ghosts. We held hope of salvation for them as with ourselves, but we have left them in torment for too long. It is time to extinguish the Final Flame of Bashal'Aran."
"Yetiphobia : It's all ready, <name>!Now, I told my friend Legacki that I have a surprise for her. This is where you come in!I'm going to give you my mechanical yeti, and you'll get the honor of using it to surprise her. She's just on the other side of Everlook, near the inn.Go up to her and turn the yeti on... I'll be watching from here!"
"Survey the Destruction : I had heard of enormous seismic anomalies here in Kalimdor, but I had no inkling that the geological chaos would be so profound!I need an up-to-date survey of the destruction while I stay here to study the seismographic readings. Could you gather some data via my automated survey craft? I'll take care of all the flying.When the survey is complete, present the data to my colleague Horton Gimbleheart in Northwatch."
"A Bird in Hand : It's time to get to the bottom of this. We need to interrogate the matron of these beasts, Marion Wormwing. We'll capture her alive. Here's the plan:The harpies communicate across the ridge using a series of signal fires. If we extinguish one, Marion is sure to come investigate.You fight her as a distraction while I sneak up behind and grab her. I'll leave the questioning to you. Let's get her, <name>!"
""
"Breaking the Chain : Aw man, this ain't good.  Not one bit, mon.Thrall's off to sea, Vol'jin's taking care of business in Echo Isles, and old Master Gadrin is left behind to take care of Sen'jin.  And then what happens?  Those humans come outta Northwatch Hold and set up camp in our backyard!Lucky for us, they just got here, and they're still setting up their base.  You can help out old Gadrin by destroying those big supply crates they carry, and by killing the laborers carryin' them. You'll find'm to the southwest."
"Eastern Hospitality : The commander is quite busy now, I'm afraid.The demands of an operation such as this require much of his attention these days.While you wait to speak with him, why don't you mingle with some of our guests?We have invited a variety of Azeroth's most illustrious figures to be present when we unlock the secrets of this region.I am confident that you will find them most captivating."
"A Shameful Waste : Welcome to Forest Song, <class>. Where you see tents, there will one day be buildings, but such ambition requires a steady stream of materials. I cannot bring myself to order our workers to fell any of the ancient trees of this grove, but our neighbors to the west have no such reverence for the forest.We shall reclaim the tainted wood from Satyrnaar to the west. Take the wood to Gnarl at the Warsong Lumber Camp. He is an Ancient who will purify it for our use."
"The Ancients' Ire : Come to join the offensive? If you're looking for Sandrya Moonfall, she's leading the attack on the Shatterspear leader at the cave in the back of the vale, you can meet her there.While you're here though, we could certainly use your help with routing the rest of their tribe. Go ahead and take the company of one of the Vengeful Protectors there and see to it that every last building is destroyed and every last troll killed. We can't have them coming back for revenge when we're less prepared, can we?"
"Gurf's Dignity : You recover the piece of fur that Gurf had ""lost"" in his struggle with the murlocs. Return the fur to Gurf and let him know that the fearsome Murgurgula has been slain."
"Breaking the Bonds : From the deep...A realm of darkness and fire.Grasping in my slumber.I am ensnared, <race>.Shadows lurk in the rods of fire beside me.Slay them.That I may be free again."
"Ursangous' Paw : The mighty bear Ursangous is no more!The small quarter-crescent emblem on its paw indicates that this beast was trained by the night elves to prowl the forest in search of their enemies. There is no telling how many of your Horde allies fell to this creature.The paw should be brought to Tarkan at Silverwind Refuge. He will be pleased that such a weapon has been removed from the enemy's arsenal."
"Astranaar's Burning! : <class>, Astranaar's burning!Quickly, take this bucket of water and put out the fires before there's nothing left!"
"Forged Documents : Find a resident in Stormwind City to accept your forged documents."
"Missing Pieces : There are just a few specific pieces of information that I'm missing.Once those blanks are filled, we'll be ready to activate the final obelisk. Then, it'll be a race to discover the Coffer of Promise before Schnottz and his cronies can.Those fools are excavating this site as fast as they can. They're ruining more than they're looting!Go to the obelisk and rummage through their booty, <name>.See if you can find our missing pieces."
"Put the Fear in Them : Do you see the trail below us, <name>? That is MY trail. And if the Alliance dogs choose to use my trail, they'd best be looking over their shoulder.It's time to collect my toll! Slay the footsoldiers from Honor's Stand and see if we can't send them scurrying back to their walls.Be sure to take out at least one of their officers patrolling the road. They need to realize that nobody is safe."
"Be Prepared : Every adventurer worth their salt knows never to step foot in a cave, dungeon, crypt or tomb without an ample supply of rope... right?You can never have too much of this stuff!You resolve to scrounging every scrap of it you can find from the skeletons here."
"Venomhide Eggs : Now that you've built up an immunity to venomhide toxin, you can safely handle the animals and their eggs. Venomhides are vicious and must be trained from the moment they hatch.If you want to ride one, you'll need an unhatched egg. Scattered throughout the Marshlands are a number of ravasaur nests. Look for the eggs with lighter colored shells -- those are the ones that will hatch venomhides.If you bring me several of the eggs, I'll allow you to keep one and raise its hatchling, with my guidance."
"The Darkmoon Faire : The Darkmoon Faire is coming! Experience our thrilling games, win fabulous prizes, have your fortune told!If you act right now, you can redeem this voucher for free prize tickets and a copy of the world-famous Darkmoon Adventurer's Guide to help you identify treasures in your travels!Just hand your voucher to Gelvas Grimegate located inside the Faire.Right now, the entrance to the Faire is outside Goldshire, in Elwynn Forest."
"Nature's Reprisal : I'm glad you were willing to atone for your mistake - it speaks a great deal about your character.I have another task for you. I have gathered some ireroot seeds. They are somewhat like fel cones, but quite a bit more potent. Nature often responds very negatively to demons, and these ireroot seeds prompt a very concentrated form of that reprisal.To our north, in Fel Rock, there are grellkin that are far beyond redemption. Use the ireroot seeds to route them before they become a more serious threat."
"Ritual Materials : While we tend to Grimclaw, I would like you to peacefully gather some ritual materials for me from the nearby wildlife.I need whiskers from the moonstalkers to the west- pluck them from the sleeping ones and move away quickly.I need hair from the doe to the east, just avoid the stags.Finally, I need fur from the bears along the water to the northeast. Wait until they catch a fish, then get the sample quickly and get away before they finish eating.Please do not harm any of them."
"Head of the Snake : They taught us at officers camp to always cut off the head of the snake. Seemed dumb considering we never fought any snakes, but I guess it kind of makes sense now.Take your men in there and kill Lord Kassarus."
"The Thrill of Discovery : What a find! And somehow it's all remained untouched by plunderers...Listen, <name>. I need to document this site before we disturb anything. While I do, why don't you have a look around - you know, explore a bit. You've earned it.Keep your eyes open for anything unusual.Oh! And please... don't break anything, ok?"
"Demons Among Them : It is just as we suspected, <name>! The demons thought they could take us by surprise.Quickly, to arms! Protect the Banshee Queen!"
"Twisted Hatred : I must warn you, <name>, this matter must stay between us. The satyr are enough of an embarrassment to us already, and this one is much too close to home.He is called Lord Melenas. He resides in the nearby cave of Fel Rock, to the north, where he has gathered a large group of grell warriors. His heart is black as night, and he plots something most foul.You must find him within his nearby cave just to the north of here, and bring me his head."
"Tree's Company : According to the plans, the traitor and the leader of the goblins, Geezle, are to meet at a cove on the western island. I need you to be at that meeting, <name>.Remember the tree and leaves? You're going to wear them! It's a perfect disguise.Go to the cove and look for a naga flag. If the flag is there, it means a meeting is planned. Use the disguise kit when you see the flag and wait. Eventually the traitor will show up. Let the meeting finish then return to me with the identity of the scoundrel."
"Ready the Navy : Hellscream expects an armada of ships for his invasion, but the docks here are weeks behind schedule. Costs are rampant and quality is poor. Corruption is the problem, <name>! And I need you to root it out.The Foebreaker, a warship berthed at the northwest pier, should have been outfitted days ago. Something reeks. Go there and oversee the construction yourself.Find out who's disrupting our naval preparations and deal with them!"
"Ursius : I've heard it said that you are what you eat. I don't know if I believe that, but if it's true... I'd prefer to eat the strongest creature that I can find.Ursius is the largest bear in Winterspring. He eats first when his pack of shardtooth brings down a chimaera or an owlbear. He claims the most comfortable cave in the shardtooth-held lands. And he has... considerable influence with the shardtooth females.He is my kind of bear.I want to eat him.His cave is near the maulers. Good luck!"
"Gorishi Grub : The venomhide hatchling looks at you expectantly, then begins to scrawl a pictogram into the dirt.The hatchling's drawings seem to resemble various types of large insects, perhaps the gorishi silithids. The hatchling finishes his picture, then gestures at it with one short arm, snaps its jaws, and licks its lips.It must want you to go to the Slithering Scar, in the center of the southern part of Un'Goro Crater, and gather silithid meat. When you have the meat, feed it to your hungry hatchling."
"Help for Mudsprocket : When that goblin... what's her name... Boxie, Foxy... Moxie, that's it! Anyway, when she came through here on her way to the zeppelin wreck, she said the town of Mudsprocket was having some problems.That crashed zeppelin was bringing them fresh supplies. If you follow the road south from here, past the Stonemaul Ruins, you'll eventually come to Mudsprocket.Why don't you check in with Drazzit Dripvalve down there and see if there's anything you can do to help?"
"Forgemaster Pyrendius : A terrible evil squats in the heart of this cavern, <name>. Forgemaster Pyrendius has personally crafted many of the cursed weapons that Twilight's Hammer is using in their conquest of the realms above.Before we leave these lands of flame... Pyrendius must die.He will not go down easy. But, if I'm reading the tome correctly, we can briefly open up small gateways to the Abyssal Maw, the realm of water. Lure Pyrendius onto a portal rune and activate it to weaken him!"
"Easy is Boring : After a long search with some questionable turns, you've finally found Azuregos.Now it's just a matter of convincing him to meet up with Kalecgos and put an end to the threat of the black dragonflight in Azshara."
"Where's Wizzle? : Hey, <name>, you haven't seen my other brother, Wizzle, have you?I just know that the pirates captured him! He said that he was going to try to sell them some engineering stuff, or something.Would you please look for him up at the Southsea Holdfast to the east? I'll bet that no-good goblin he's always traveling with, Synge, got him into trouble!"
"WANTED: Cap'n Garvey : WANTED!    ""Cap'n"" J. Garvey of     the Maiden's DaggerCharged with piracy on the open seas, kidnapping, extortion, arson, slavery, et al. Garvey recently arrived in these waters leading a crew of Southsea Freebooters and was last seen assaulting Fray Island. Bring proof of death in an identifiable condition!-- Gazlowe"
"Crossroads Caravan Pickup : <Halga grins disarmingly, holding up an enormous firearm.>Have you ever used one of these, <name>? It's a beast. Hell with a handgrip. Too heavy to use on foot, but perfect when riding at the head of a caravan. I call it my 'street sweeper.'We need to get those supplies you've collected to the Crossroads, and I expect trouble. I'd like for you to ride shotgun. Literally! Say the word when you're ready and I'll put you at the head of our next caravan."
"Spread the Word : For rendering me faithful service, I grant you your life. Take it and be gone from my sight. Let your people know of all that has transpired.And <name>, if we ever cross paths again, you will die."
"Warchief's Command: Un'Goro Crater! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report Williden Marshal at Marshal's Stand. You are to provide aid to the Marshal Expeditions' personnel as they uncover the secrets of Un'Goro Crater. The Horde may be able to find a use for the unique beasts and crystals populating the crater.You can reach Un'Goro Crater by taking the road from western Tanaris down into the crater and toward Marshal's Stand. Or, you can get a flight there from Doras in Orgrimmar.Destiny calls!"
"Shadow Lord Fel'dan : Shadow Lord Fel'dan awaits further in the depths, <name>.His wrath will be unmatched now that you have slain his beloved pets. Even without Moora and Salia at his side, he is a terrible force to be reckoned with.Beware his dark powers; he is nearly more demon than orc by now."
"In Defense of Far Watch : All the quilboars are our enemies, <name>. Some just prove to be more of a nuisance than others.The Razormane tribe has been attacking our supply caravans that roll through here from Orgrimmar. I have scouts seeking the leader of these raids, but until then, any losses you can inflict on the filthy pig men would aid us.Start just south of here, where they've been raiding our camps near the river. Seek them out, and slay them."
"Trouble at Highperch : Thank you for your help, <name>. You should speak with Pao'ka Swiftmountain at Highperch to the southwest.Perhaps he will know the whereabouts of the Elder Crone?"
"Cleansing Witch Hill : The torch is ready. Plant it at the end of the dock and be prepared to face whatever comes forth.I have no idea what the torch's smoke may reveal... if anything emerges at all. I must say, I have my doubts about this kind of folk magic, but we haven't time for anything else. For your sake and Jarl's, I wish you luck."
"Fact-Finding Mission : The dragon Sethria must be stopped. We know that her roost is south of here, along the southern cliffs of Hyjal, but beyond that we know little else.I have sent Thisalee on a fact-finding mission to Sethria's Roost. She specifically requested your help - evidently you made quite an impression with the young druid.Meet Thisalee just beyond the tunnel leading to Sethria's Roost. And remember, this is a fact-finding mission - don't do anything crazy!"
"The Ruins of Kel'Theril : At this lake, the Crystal of Zin-Malor was stolen by the Highborne. The crystal was a powerful artifact that bent arcane magic in wild and unpredictable ways... but it could only be held by the worthy, and brought doom upon all others.The spirits that wander here span generations, each shackled here by Zin-Malor. Some will speak and tell their fates.Should you wish to learn the fate of Zin-Malor, seek the spirit at the center of the lake..."
"Verog the Dervish : Verog may be hard to find, but judging by the info you gathered, his mate Wyneth is always in his command tent just west of here. If we kill her, Verog will come running.Regthar sent us here to scout, but he also said we should seize any opportunity to upset the centaur chain of command if we can. Lure out Verog and kill him!"
""
"Free Freewind Post : Well, it looks like it's time for us to part ways, at least for a while. To the northwest, the tauren of Freewind Post are in desperate need of your assistance in pushing back the Grimtotem clan!You know, you've been such a great help around here, I bet you're going to be their <hero/heroine> in no-time!"
"Confirming the Suspicion : The Grimtotems may be the most warlike of all the tauren clans, but they're by no means unorganized. If they're the ones who put the torch to the Shady Rest Inn, they'll have had orders from one of their clan elders.There's a large Grimtotem settlement called Blackhoof Village to the northwest. They've been using it as a base to attack the tower, but I'll bet that you'll find the orders you're looking for there. Check the village's elders for traces of the orders you seek."
"Breaking Waves of Change : It seems you have your first charge. You must travel back down to Rut'theran Village, where we first arrived, and speak to Vesprystus to secure a ride to Lor'danel.Once in Lor'danel, aid the night elves in any way that you are able. I am trusting you to treat them with the reverence that they deserve in light of all that they have done for us.I must travel to the distant city of Stormwind to meet with King Anduin. I hope to see your face again very soon, <name>. Until then, a fond farewell."
"Make Yourself Useful : Gobbles vill be sorely missed, but zhe mission must not suffer.Perhaps zhere is somezhink you can do to redeem yourself.Take vone of zhe uniforms you recovered. Vhile vearink it, my vorkers vill not behave so... aggressively.Lately, zheir morale has been a bit lackink. Some of zhe vorkers are refusing to perform zheir labors.Auch, zhe audacity!Find zhese lazy imbeciles and convince zhem zhat zhey must get to vork... or else!"
"The Karnitol Shipwreck : Intriguing.Well, we might not be without hope quite yet.Along that same coast, but to the north near Ranazjar Isle, there're night elf ruins at the bottom of the ocean. A tribe of naga, the Slitherblade, make that their home. I think that'd be our best bet.If a scouting party went that far south, then they must've been pretty powerful. If you're gonna find Karnitol's belongings, I'd start with the more powerful naga: the tidehunters or sea witches."
"The Voice of Lo'Gosh : Have you heard of Lo'Gosh, the wolf ancient? In the Alliance tongue, he is known as ""Goldrinn.""I don't need to tell you how important the wolf god has been to the Horde - his tenacity under adversity has been an inspiration to all of our disparate races.Southwest of here, down in the valley, lies a shrine to Goldrinn. My friend Takrik Ragehowl was refurbishing the shrine when I stopped hearing from him. I fear the worst.Please find Takrik and make sure the shrine is okay!"
"If You're Not Against Us... : South of here you'll find a solitary tower, known as ""Blackhorn's Penance."" Upon it is bound a demon: Tyrus Blackhorn.You may think me mad for turning to an old foe for help, but Blackhorn was once a mortal, and I can't imagine he wants to watch Twilight's Hammer triumph.Speak with Blackhorn, and see if you can convince him to help us in our fight. He may yet redeem himself....Just don't set him free!"
"Mystery of the Sarcen Stone : Before she died, Kalytha was charged with burying something at the bottom of the lake, a powerful artifact that the archmages of Mennar spent their last moments creating. No doubt Malynea Skyreaver will want to see the artifact, presuming it still exists. You resolve to search the bottom of Lake Mennar for the Sarcen Stone."
"Galaen's Fate : You have no means of identifying the corpse as Galaen with the information Morae gave you, but the clothing appears to have been torn in search of valuables.The blood elves in the area would've claimed anything of value from the wreckage, including Galaen's jeweled amulet.Although her husband did not survive the crash, you believe that Morae would be grateful if you recovered her husband's amulet from the blood elves."
"Down in the Deeps : Well, friend, if Pozzik wants you to have your own boat, the first thing we're going to need is parts. Now guess who gets to go get them?<Razzeric smiles as he points downward and then grabs you a spare diving helm and flippers.>I'm afraid so, <name>. You get to go down into the deeps and salvage what rocket car parts you can find at the Raceway Ruins."
"Watershed Patrol : My post is here on the tower, <name>, and I cannot leave it.  I need someone to go out there and help the people who are still trapped in the river's overflow.Can I count on you?"
"Flight to Theramore : Listen, I got no special love for the Alliance... but then again, I got no real hate for you guys either.Your gold is as good as anyone else's.  Sometimes better.Jeyne left some gold for your travel costs.  I believe the person you're looking for in Dustwallow goes by the name of Calia Hastings.  And the best way to get there is to talk to our flight master, Bragok.  He'll fly you there, if you want.  The flight's free, thanks to your friend."
"A Helping Hand : I've been pushing and shoving and hammering all morning, but it's hopeless.These rocks won't budge!""It will be a breeze,"" Grandpa said. ""Farming's like breathing!"" he said. Maybe for him, but not for me!How am I supposed to succeed at this whole FARMING thing if I can't even clear my farm for planting?Hey, wait a minute. You look like you've got some muscle on you.Would you be willing to help me out? Just until I can catch my breath."
"Kodo Roundup : Bibbly thinks he is the only goblin in Desolace who knows how to make money.  Well, the only caravan brave enough to travel these parts relies on me.  Ever since I learned how to rejuvenate and control aged kodos with my kodo kombobulator, the caravan owner Cork, Rigger, and I entered a partnership.Take the kombobulator and use it on any ancient or aged kodos; it will jolt the beast into a tamed kodo and force it to follow you.  Once you have a kodo tamed, bring it back to me."
"The Deserters : It has been a struggle maintaining a presence in the marsh, but through strength of our resolve, we have been able to maintain several defensive watchtowers throughout the area.The latest information and scouting reports I have received indicate that a group of deserters has squatted in our abandoned tower at Lost Point, southeast of the inn.The local lieutenant seems to be Balos Jacken. See if you can get some information out of him.Be warned, <name>. He may be a tough nut to crack."
"Ticker Required : Our best demo-man, Ticker, is on assignment with the Gob Squad. He's got WAY more than enough explosives for all the runestones in the ruins.All you have to do is get him there and keep him covered - he'll handle the rest."
"Deadwood of the North : There is a camp of Deadwood furbolgs directly to our southwest.  Corruption permeates the camp, and I wish to put an end to it before they become a problem.The Deadwood tribe is evil, but it is the effects of the fel that pollutes their minds.  Their hostility is not truly an innate quality, yet they cannot be helped.  It saddens me that we must fight our own brethren.Please, <name> - I ask you to do what must be done.  Simply spare me the details; such troublesome images upset me far too much."
"Desolation Hold Inspection : Thanks to you, the immediate threat is over. But my work here in the Barrens is only beginning.Honor's Stand was captured and Taurajo was sacked while Warlord Gar'dul was in charge of the region. The Warchief has sent me here to clean up his mess.I would like you to ride into Desolation Hold to the south in advance of me and let Gar'dul know that it is time for a reckoning.Talk to me when you are ready to leave and I will assemble my vanguard to accompany you."
"Sang'thraze the Deflector : The blood speaks. I can feel its flow through the sand...drenched in death, a desert of suffering...<Mazoga's eyes roll back in his head.>There! The blood flows to the south, in a valley of bones. Zakkaru! Zakkaru, spawn of Makkari, the dark one who demands sacrifice... his father forced from Zul'Farrak, his ascension interrupted... he will taste blood once more...<Mazora reels.>Go, <class>. Zakkaru has Sang'thraze. Ya not be wanting him to keep it, trust me."
"Might of the Sentinels : The Twilight's Hammer? Here?This is far more serious than I expected. We've got to put a stop to this. I don't know if I'm ready to lead such an offensive, but I'm not about to let my fears get in the way of what needs to be done!I will rally our forces from Feathermoon Stronghold. Head to Dire Maul, make your way to the arena, and disrupt Cho'gall's activities; we will launch our attack during the confusion."
"The Reagent Thief : If there's one thing you can count on Apprentice Morlann to do, it's whine about reagents.Normally, I just ignore him, and it never works. This time, I'm going to try something different.Maybe if I replace the missing reagents before he notices, he'll leave me alone. The most common reagent we both use is marsh venom, which comes from the darkfang creepers and noxious shredders in the marsh north of the farm. If you bring me the venom, I'll replace it before Morlann notices it's gone."
"WANTED: The Demon Hunter : Since reclaiming Jadefire Run from the satyr, the Emerald Circle has sent many druids to begin the long task of cleansing the ruins. Last night, several of them were murdered... by a night elf.The witnesses say it was a demon hunter, a crazed disciple of Illidan. A rare sight. No doubt he's gone mad with power just like his master.I'll pay top bounty for proof of this murderer's death. He's been spotted just off the road to the north, in a valley beneath Jadefire Run."
"Winterhoof Cleansing : I have crafted the totem to cleanse the Winterhoof Water Well.  Now, you must take it to the well and perform a cleansing ritual.  The well is to the southeast, but be warned: whoever did this may still be there, laying in wait.This may prove very dangerous, <name>.  Be careful...but do not let the defilers of our well escape."
"Young and Vicious : Ya be a good one, <name>.Moraya was askin' for new raptors ta train. We shouldn't keep her waitin' any longa! I have a few other recruits bringin' some over as well, but I have a special one dat I've been promisin' Moraya for a while.Swiftclaw be one of our fastest and bravest young raptors yet, but he can be a bit unruly. I'll lend ya da lasso, I just need ya to catch him somewhere on da island here and steer him over to da pens on da main isle. I doubt he'll be makin' it easy on ya though."
"The Escape : I suppose I'll learn as we go... Couldn't be too hard. Just some buttons here, and a lever or two... Well, are you ready to go?"
"We All Scream for Ice Cream... and then Die! : Don't get me wrong... I'm cheerful on the outside, but inside I'm just terribly torn to pieces. All of my friends and employees are dead.Could you do me a favor? Would you swim down there and attach the tug's tow hook to my dead employees? I'll reel them in."
"A Favor for the Furrier : The commander can be most generous to those who demonstrate their loyalty, and I know of something that you can do to curry favor with him.Before building up his... ehh... workforce, he dealt in the furs of animals.He is quite skilled in the art of leatherworking. The furrier can do wonders with even the most tattered pelts.The dried oasis to the east is said to be home to a rare breed of coyote.Their furs would make a very thoughtful gift."
"Learn to Ride in Mulgore : This pamphlet advertising riding training and mount purchases was sent from Kar Stormsinger.Kar can be found in Mulgore's Bloodhoof Village."
"Flamebreaker : The large elementals that besiege us are not a singular entity.They are an amalgamation of lesser spirits bound together by the Twilight's Hammer cultists' magic.The rebuilt flameseer's staff will give us enough power to shatter its bonds.Destroy the smaller elementals once you've broken up the more dangerous large ones."
"Warchief's Command: Desolace! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Furien at Tethris Aran in Desolace. The brave Horde warriors of Desolace need your help to beat back the armies of the Alliance and ancient demons.To reach Tethris Aran, travel south from the Charred Vale in the Stonetalon Mountains.Destiny calls!"
"Wave One : Here they come, <name>! The Twilight Knight Riders, astride black buzzards birthed in the scorching sulfurous breeding pools of the Firelands. The only way to defeat them is from the sky!Take wing once more, <class>, and slay them.Run into enemy riders with your lance to destroy them.Go forth. Fly, fool. Fly!"
"In Defense of Darkshore : Now that we know our preventative measures work, we should cover as much ground as possible.I've arranged to commandeer one of our hippogryphs, but I can't do this alone. Talk to my friend Orseus, next to the flight master right outside the grove here. Let him know when you're ready and I'll meet you there. We'll canvas Darkshore from the air and protect as many animals as we can!"
"Supervisor Fizsprocket : According to the documents you salvaged from the caravan, the Venture Co. created many plans to attempt to drive us from our lands here, so that they could have free reign to plunder our lands.The depths that they would sink to accomplish their goals disgusts and appalls me. I want the mastermind behind their plans killed. His name is Supervisor Fizsprocket, you will find him at the Venture Co. mine east of the ravaged caravan. Bring me his clipboard, we shall see if we find out anything useful."
"Grimtotem Chiefs: The Chief of Chiefs : And now the time has come to take out the leader of all of the Darkcloud Pinnacle Grimtotem: Arnak Grimtotem.It is said that he's the disgraced nephew of Magatha Grimtotem, the Elder Crone and matriarch of the Grimtotem clan. Supposedly, his indiscretions have left him in a state of disfavor with her.But none of that matters right now. All that matters is that we kill him. For good this time."
"You'll Know It When You See It : With his dying breath, Kohor mentioned the summoning of a demon that could threaten the entire region.He may have been bluffing, but that's not a chance worth taking.This cannot wait for the Alliance's invasion of Desolace to take shape. You must scour Thunder Axe Fortress for clues and bring an end to this potential threat."
"The Second Sample : Now that we have the baseline crystal, we're going to need samples from more dangerous areas of the island to complete the set I'll be sending to the Exodar.The next sample must come from the crystals controlled by the blood elves in the Bladewood area to the northwest of Blood Watch. I have heard reports that they alter and harvest the crystals for use in some magical apparatus. See if you can find one that has not yet been incorporated into one of their devices, and mine a sample from it."
""
"Jarl Needs Eyes : Eye juice is good juice for drinking.  Too bad most critters only have two eyes.But spiders have lots of eyes.  Lots and lots.  And Darkmist eye juice is tasty.  Smooth and salty!  Unpopped spider eyes... I taste them already.Darkmist spiders are west of here, in the Darkmist Cavern.  You figure the spiders are named after the cave... or is it the other way around?"
"Angered Spirits : Doctor Venkman vas vone of my greatest researchers, until he had to be put out of my misery.He did leave me vizh vone of his greatest accomplishments, zhough. Against zhe properly attuned supernatural adversary, zhis veapon vill siphon zhe target's essence.It is of key importance in zhe ritual I vill be attemptink.Vhere do you come in, you ask? Simple. You have zhe priviledge of collecting zhe material.Zhe veapon is calibrated to vork on zhe Furious Specters in zhe temple to zhe east."
"The Fare of Lar'korwi : Once, a long time ago, a brother of mine took some meat from one of Lar'korwi's kills. He didn't know it at the time, but Lar'korwi saw him from the forest. Lar'korwi followed my brother for days, destroying everything he touched. My brother, scared, finally decided to run from the Crater and leave Lar'korwi behind.Lar'korwi killed him not far from this spot.If you want to provoke Lar'korwi, find a fresh kill of his and take some of the meat from it.Start your search to the west."
"To the Mor'shan Rampart : Kadrak at the Mor'shan Rampart to the north is calling for aid.The rampart rests on the border between the Northern Barrens and Ashenvale. It is the front line in the fight against the Alliance.We're driving the night elves out of the forest. We'll claim its resources for the Horde!To get there, take the Gold Road north out of the Crossroads.Destiny calls!"
"All That Remains : We had lived peacefully among the Owlbeasts of this island for many years. You can imagine my surprise when they stormed the beach and attacked us.I fought tooth and nail but was easily overpowered. As I blacked out from the vicious blows that I had been dealt, I prayed that my family not suffer.When I awoke, all was quiet. The sand was soaked red with blood - their blood. They were devoured whole.I care not for vengeance, <name>. I only ask that their remains be returned to me for proper burial."
"Eyes on the Amathet : On behalf of the Explorer's League, I'd like tae thank ye for helping establish the Uldum Accord and buying us some cooperation from Ramkahen.  In the interest of better understanding our foes, Ramkahen has allowed the exploring of the Amathet tombs. Unfortunately, though, their forces are spread too thin to provide protection.  I was hopin' ye could help out with that.   Think ye could spare some time tae see what they're all about? We can start with an aerial look."
"First Degree Mortar : Hey bud! Like explosions? Of course you do. Who doesn't like explosions?!I've got mortars set up on the ridge to the east to hold the naga back. Go forth, recruit. Mortar them... mortar them all! Ahahahah."
"They're Out There! : They're out there, <class>. And they're on to us.Some of my men have begun turning up dead. Elf attacks, no question about it.My guess is that your work at Astranaar has them desperate to stop our progress here. A last ditch effort to escape defeat!Take these goggles. They'll help you see even the sneakiest of the elves. Keep them off my back while we finish weaponizing your explosives."
"Speech Writing for Dummies : Listen, <name>.  I found out what they're doing with Jarod Shadowsong.  He's scheduled to be sacrificed by the ogres of the Twilight's Hammer as part of this year's initiation.I heard that the initiate charged with delivering the speech ahead of the sacrifice is an ogre named Okrog, but get this: you were a close second.We need you to deliver that speech if we're to free Jarod.  Don't worry -- I'll write you some cue cards -- just make sure Okrog has an ""accident"" as he leaves the Seat of the Chosen."
"Windshear Mine Cleanup : The Horde has overrun Windshear Mine. I'm not sure what these orcs are hauling out of here or why they're here, but I know that it can't be good. Get in that mine and take out the management. Without goblin overseers, these peons will be even more worthless.While you're inside, keep your eyes peeled for any other information about the Horde operation in the mines.Good luck!"
"Commandeer That Balloon! : We don't have a moment to lose, <name>. You're going to have to commandeer that hot air balloon and stop it!How? I have no idea! We don't have time to argue details! Grab onto that rope ladder and climb up! Just start banging on stuff once you're inside!If you somehow manage to stop the balloon and survive, report to Lord Fallowmere at Windshear Hold in the west.Good luck, we're all counting on you. Now if you'll excuse me I'm going to RUN FOR MY LIFE!"
"Siegebreaker : <name>, you've proven yourself on the Fields of Blood. But the Alliance still threatens our tauren friends.The siege machinery outside the gates of Mulgore is like a spear aimed at our heart. I want you to go to the gates, south of here, and remove those siege vehicles from play.Here, use these stickybombs. They're courtesy of our new goblin allies. It looks as though they stuffed explosive powder into ... what looks like ... grease-covered socks. But they'll do."
"Free Samples : The crown has ordered SI:7 to infiltrate the goblin mining operation and collect any information we can find on this mysterious new substance.  My agents have infiltrated the camp, but the clock is ticking and we need to get our hands on some extracted ore samples fast.  In other words, I need someone who can take the direct approach. Someone who can handle a fight against overwhelming odds and come out alive.  Take the ore samples to Khargus Stonemantle for analysis when you return."
"That Smart One's Gotta Go : There's some kind of smart brain bug in the back of the cave. It's in charge of all of the silithid down there.My ice cream is melting! How am I supposed to launch my ice cream empire, and save my inventory, if that thing's in there?!"
"Hard to Harvest : The Lakkari Tar Pits, just north of here, conceal a hidden treasure: rare flowers that grow at the bottom of the pits.  These tarblossoms, as they're called, are valued for their beauty and their durability.  It's been a while since I last harvested tarblossoms, so there should be some new plants growing at the bottom of the pits.  Grab some for me?By the way, good luck swimming in tar.  It's nothing like swimming in water."
"Diabolical Plans : The demon dropped this parchment, which is amazingly written in the Orcish tongue!  The ones mentioned in it, Diathorus and Gorgannon, are the two infamous dreadlords that control the demons hereabouts.The plans detail preparations for a demonic attack on Splintertree Post to the northwest.You're certain that Valusha at Splintertree Post would be interested in these."
"Terrors from the Deep : The Aqir threaten the livelihood of the Wastewanders with each passing day, but I have heard of greater terrors that have been unearthed with them.  Our fighters are able, but I fear what might happen if one of these ancient terrors falls upon us.   I know that you have experience putting down great foes. I would like to ask you to do the same for us.   After all, we can hardly help protect the forge if we've been decimated by some long-buried monster."
"Delivery for Donova : Donova Snowden is a kind dwarf who frequents the nearby hot springs. She claims to be studying their magical properties.She is a kind person and has good relations with our tribe. As the Winterfall have become more and more aggressive, she has begun researching the cause of their corruption.I must keep my post here, but I have made a basket of refreshments for her. Please take it to her for me and tell her we await her next visit."
"Two If By Boat : Are you ready to go, <class>?One of our braves will row you out to the Mirage Raceway. If anyone has survived out there, they'll desperately need your help.May the Earth Mother smile upon you."
"The Twilight Mystery : A camp of Twilight's Hammer cultists once thrived northwest of here.  If you were to venture there now, you'd find the area swarming with elementals and nothing but scattered pieces of wood and canvas to mark the spot where the camp was.I've recovered a few fragments of a clay tablet from the site, but I have too few of them to piece together anything useful.  See if you can find the remaining tablet fragments so we can shed some light into the Twilight's Hammer presence here in Silithus."
"The Shaper's Terrace : <As you look into the orb in front of you, you hear a voice.>The crystal pylons have been activated.  A sufficient number of crystals have been gathered.  The prerequisites have been met.  We are prepared for teleport to The Shaper's Terrace.Speak to me when you are ready, <race>.  We will consult with The Watcher."
"Meetup with the Caravan : The pyramid inside of the Maker's Terrace in Uldum can be used as some kind of super weapon that will end all life on Azeroth.<Belloc thinks a moment.>You must continue the good research that you've begun. Head south to the desert of Tanaris. There's a caravan there that's about to leave for Uldum.Perhaps you can tag along."
"The Name Never Spoken : Did my drought work? You spoke with one of them?Then you know what to do. The name of their elemental master is written on three firestones scattered throughout the Inferno. Examine each of these stones and we will have the name we need.Hurry! Your precious forest burns!"
"The Flameseer's Staff : A powerful artifact known as the Flameseer's Staff was lost during the initial onslaught by the enemy forces.  It was an ancient bone staff that granted its wielder power over the elements of fire.Its fragments litter the area around us.  Find them and bring them to Malfurion.  Perhaps the artifact's power will still be of use."
"Memories of the Dead : The runes on this ring you found are still legible: it was given to ""Kalytha"" when she was granted admission to the Academy. With the right spell or two, this personal trinket of hers is the gateway to her soul.Take the ring back to Lake Mennar. Kalytha's spirit should now be visible to you on the shore of the lake. Touch her and the ring will allow you to see the world as she sees it, forever reliving her final hours. Probe her mind, <name>! Speak to the others and learn the secrets of Lake Mennar..."
"Wasn't It Obvious? : Azuregos! Yes, of course. Troubled old dragon, but lovely heart. I don't think all the years of vagabonds assaulting him have done him much good. He's a mite strange these days.Not long ago, when returning yet again to our local Spirit Healer, Anara, I couldn't help but notice that her and Azuregos seemed to be hitting it off. I imagine he's still keeping her company.The portal behind me is probably the quickest way to reach her. It might sting a little though."
"A Balanced Diet : Now that our larva is hatched, we'll need to figure out what we can feed it to keep it healthy.   It would seem that the aqir are carnivores, but the only things I've seen them eat are... well... us.  Of course, we can't feed our little friend people, so we'll have to find an alternative. Perhaps we could substitute animal meat?"
"Sharptalon's Claw : The mighty hippogryph Sharptalon has been slain, with the claw of the felled beast serving as a testament to your victory.Senani Thunderheart at the Silverwind Refuge will no doubt be interested in seeing this trophy as proof of your deeds."
"Shy-Rotam : Time for the big kill, pal! Shy-Rotam lurks in the north, the largest frostsaber of them all.You should feel honored. There's no fiercer game for a hunter to match their skills against... and if you saw the cash I'm being offered by gourmands that want a piece of this fellow, your eyes would pop out!Once you've got her, head on back to camp. Don't want to totally exhaust our frostsaber population in one day..."
"Trial By Fire : I'd love to say that with the tides turning against us in Hyjal, every recruit helps our cause and so on... but to be perfectly blunt, most of you are nothing but a burden.If I had a copper for every peasant who got too scared when the cataclysm hit and now wishes to join our side... well, let's just say I'd be a rich woman.Fortunately we have checks in place to separate the wheat from the chaff.  Go and prove yourself to the fiery instructors below.  Hopefully you'll do better than the others."
"I'll Do It By Hand : Yes, this all looks familiar enough.Thanks to all the information you gathered for me, I'm sure that I can activate the mechanism. I'll just need some time free from distraction.As soon as I get started, you can count on that titan construct to try and stop me.That's where you come in.I don't need to remind you of what's riding on this. Take down that guardian!"
"The Gatekeeper : According to these tomes, one of Ragnaros' most powerful lieutenants serves as the sole gatekeeper to Sulfuron Spire.You won't be able to defeat him alone.Sound this horn when you engage in combat with Azralon and any of our forces in the vicinity will come to your aid.You must hurry, <name>.  It won't be long before the Firelord realizes what we're up to."
"A Talking Totem : The furbolg village to the south is the home of the Deadwood tribe, sworn enemies of the Timbermaw. They are corrupted and foul like so many others, driven mad by the taint of these woods.Something unusual has occured near the village though. Travelers coming here have said that the totem next to the road has spoken to them.I have heard nothing every time I approach it. Perhaps it will speak to you, <name>? Maybe you can find out what's going on for me."
"It's Time to Oil Up : Three things come out of Irontree Clearing: lumber, oil, and exhausted workers. The first two are pretty much the cause of the third, but I like to be efficient about things where I can.I've got our shredders working triple unpaid overtime, and there's really nowhere in the schedule for them to get maintenance.Use this grappling hook to nab some of the extra oil cans floating around camp and use them to oil up the shredders, would you?"
"I've Got This Guy : Good timing, <name>.Seems I'm not the only one interested in these obelisks, and these fellas aren't inclined to compare notes...I think I can handle this guy.Maybe you could take care of a few of his friends before they make their way over here?"
"That's No Pyramid! : That pyramid at the Maker's Terrace in Uldum is nothing of the sort. It's a giant machine that can be reconfigured for any number of uses.Deathwing was going to have the Twilight's Hammer turn it into a massive weapon!<name>, you have to take the portal to get this information to Harrison Jones in Stormwind. He'll know what to do."
"Peace at Last : I wish we had a way of letting James Hyal's wife and son know that we have brought their murderers to justice.<Captain Vimes produces a small wreath decorated with flowers.>There are some who say that their spirits will know, even if we cannot reach them. It's not much, but I'd like you to lay this wreath at the Hyal family monument. It's one of the stones in the graveyard just north of Theramore's gates."
"Seek Out Tabetha : The arms you captured in Blackhoof Village have not seen any combat beyond mere training exercises, which means the Grimtotems who destroyed the Shady Rest are still at large.To the south, in the heart of the Quagmire, lives the witch Tabetha. Though she is a human, she has dealt honorably with us and trained some of our mages.Ask her for assistance in tracking down the band of Grimtotem responsible for burning the inn. The Alliance must not be allowed to think we were complicit in the attack."
"More Than Illness : We've found a brood of dragon whelps gathered off the road to the north, and they show the same illness as the stags.Green dragons are not simple beasts of nature, but the very guardians of the wild. They are magical creatures, and to see them ill as well implies this is a dangerous threat.We must stop this from spreading further through any means. Slay the infected whelps, <name>, and return to me."
"Ending the Threat : Their leader and his guard are before us. My Sentinels are ready to take care of his guard, we only awaited this arrow to seal their leader's fate.Let me know when you are prepared to attack. As soon as my Sentinels engage, I will shatter the leader's shield, and we will assault him together. Strike swiftly and we can rout this threat to our lands here and now.We await only you - speak to me when ready."
"Runecloth : In Timbermaw, we are content.  We do not like strangers.  This is good for us, but it is bad for trade.Not long ago, a rare night elf friend came to Timbermaw and she wore a runecloth cloak.  runecloth is rare among us, but the cloak was so fine my people want me to make more runecloth clothing.Will you bring me runecloth?  If you bring me enough, then I will give you something in trade."
"An Ounce of Prevention : Are you familiar with the Old Ones, <name>? Onu and I agree that the artifact you found in the lake can only be their work, and it's devouring Darkshore. Something is stirring up terrors we thought dead long ago. This is bigger than you or me, but my first concern is protecting the wildlife.Here, this sapling contains the life essence you gathered for me. I believe it can protect the local fauna. Test it out on a nearby un-consumed bear, stag, or moonstalker, and let me know what happens!"
"Intelligence Warfare : I am convinced the Alliance is using spies to scout the field and pass along information. They knew to strike at Taurajo while the hunters were afield. And they countered every one of Gar'dul's moves like he was an open book.Well <name>, I for one will not be outplayed. Not here. We will win the battle for intelligence.Even now I hear reports of Alliance operatives slinking around in the shadows, especially here, outside these very walls. Kill them and bring me back something of use."
"The Befouled Element : The slain elemental has produced an intensely glowing globe of water.  The contents of the globe are, at best, disgusting.  It would be safe to assume that whatever has befouled the water of Mystral Lake is most likely present in the water of the globe.It's not exactly common knowledge who might be interested in such a find; perhaps Mastok Wrilehiss at Splintertree Post, might have an idea."
"A Bird of Legend : Local legend tells of a mighty owl that circles the mountaintops like death on wings.  They named her Deathwing.Soon afterwards, they were told that that name was already taken.  So they settled on a moniker that evoked a similar sense of horror and dread:Hell-Hoot.Hell-Hoot can be found atop the mountain to the southwest of our smoking pit.  Silence the infernal nocturnal... so we can eat her!"
"Dead Man's Chest : Well gosh, as you can plainly see there's this really big battle with these pirates here going on. We're doing our best to make sure they never bother Gadgetzan or our new gnomish homes there ever again!By killing them.So how about helping us? We really wanna make sure we kill more than green-nose over there and her awful thugs. I'd really appreciate it!"
"Digsite Status : The patrol's been quiet today. And that's got me worried, <name>.Ever since the Alliance sacked Taurajo, none of our positions are secure. You look like you can handle yourself - can you scout around for me?Check in with my son Marley outside the Bael Modan excavation, southeast of here. The site's exposed and susceptible to raids, and my son's too proud to signal for help if he needs it."
"Futile Resistance : <name>, I certainly don't want to deliver my report to Commander Singleton without at least a little bit of good news. We've got to wrestle control of these roads back from these Horde holdouts.From what we can gather, Kona Thunderwalk is the name of the ringleader. He's got a camp just north of here. A Stonetalon native, he knows these roads better than his own hide. If we can wipe him out, resistance from the west might vanish.Find and kill Kona Thunderwalk, then report to Commander Singleton!"
"Too Far Gone : Yes, I speak your tongue, <race>.We furbolg have been through this kind of corruption before. Not long ago our leader stole the Idol of Remulos. The demon-tainted thing ensorcelled the entire tribe and our redemption was barely delivered by a druid known as Broll Bearmantle.But this time, we did not steal. The trolls of Zoram'gar gave us the charms as a sign of friendship. A deadly friendship it would seem.Our chief, Dal Bloodclaw, is too far gone. Enter the hold and return with his charms."
"Dolanaar Delivery : Greetings, young <class>.  Can you offer me aid?  I have a package of herbs that I must deliver to the town of Dolanaar.  But I still have business with the druids of Shadowglen and cannot yet leave.Can you deliver this package for me?  It must be sent to Innkeeper Keldamyr, at the Dolanaar inn.  It lies along the road, to the south."
"The Corruption's Source : I rushed here as soon as I heard the news from Wizbang. I know who's behind this mess now. Zenn Foulhoof.He came over from Teldrassil after he was chased out for performing perverse magics. The kinds of corruption he employs are not welcome among my people, and it seems he's taken it a step further this time, perhaps as some form of revenge.Zenn's been given too many chances, it's time we remove this threat to all that is natural. Kill Zenn and his minions, and then find me back in Lor'danel."
"The Darkscale Warlord : If the naga want to throw in their lot with the Twilight's Hammer, then may Elune have mercy on them.Go into their lair in the island of Nazj'vel and find their leader, the naga warlord known only as Wrathspine.Perhaps the horn of the ancients can still be saved."
"Honing Instincts : It looks like our little friend is anxious and ready to practice more combat.  Would you care to show him the ropes?"
"Clap 'Em In Irons : Our policy of conscripting non-violent criminals from the Stormwind Stockades has come back to haunt us, <name>. Some of my less-scrupulous soldiers broke ranks after our victory in Taurajo and are looting the remains of the city.This is a breakdown in discipline. Worse, the desecration of their homes only spurs the enemy to fight harder when our ultimate goal should be peace.Take these manacles and bring the Taurajo looters to justice. Speak to them first, but you may need force to subdue them."
"Thunderdrome: Sarinexx! : I hope you're ready for the next one, <name>. One mistake could mean instant, painful death! But that's what the people pay to see, isn't it?I hope you're not afraid of bugs..."
"Free the Pridelings : The trappers are rounding up all of the young wind riders. <name>, will you go out there and free the pridelings?"
"Three Princes : The Gelkis reside in southwest Desolace. They are just as stubborn as the Magram, and since they have not suffered war and relocation, they are considerably stronger.Humbling the Gelkis will require an extreme show of force.Khan Shodo and his three sons rule the clan. Shodo is aging, and suffers from old war wounds. He never leaves the depths of his cave. The strength of his rule lies in his sons.Slay them, and persuade the Khan to commit to our cause."
"Aqir Instincts : In observing the aqir battling the Wastewanders, I have seen the newly hatched immediately join the aqiri assault. It would seem the need for combat is born into these creatures.  We should exercise this in our new hatchling, under your supervision of course. Take him out with you and show him how to fight our enemies.   He may not be able to fight for long, so don't call him until you're ready for training.  With luck, he will come to see us as part of his hive."
"Working the Bugs Out : Why high command decided that a silithid mound was the ideal place to build a fortress, I'll never know. Them lil' buggers are tunneling under our fortifications and setting back our timetables. We need to scorch 'em out!Take this here bucket of burning pitch and dump it on the silithid mounds right outside the main gate. They look like big piles of sand. Kill anything that comes out, but be careful, <name> - them nasties are likely to swarm you when you light those mounds up."
"Lost in the Floods : The recent cataclysmic events have done more than wash a few boats onto our shore, <class>.  The Southfury River has overflowed, and Durotar's entire western basin is now flooded.There are still people out there.  I've been searching for a while, but haven't been able to find anything.  Would you mind using my telescope and taking a look for yourself?"
"Lost But Not Forgotten : Today marks the anniversary of my son Kron's passing.  As long as I refused to admit it, I recognize now: Kron is not returning from his crocolisk hunt.I've been working on a project... something that will memorialize Kron's passion for the hunt.  It's a crocolisk-tooth necklace... rows and rows of teeth, suitable to be worn by only the bravest young orc.  I will place it on his grave.Kron was brave, but he was not strong, like you.  Will you bring me the teeth for my necklace?"
"Thunder Down Under : Our army needs water, and luckily the elements gave us plenty of that when the cataclysm hit.  The water that filled up the canyon to the southwest should do the trick.Unfortunately, the corpses of thunder lizards still sit at the bottom of the canyon, and their electrical discharges are a bit too dangerous.  I've got grunts that can lift them out of the water, but we need someone agile enough to attach the other end of the rope.  Are you my <man/woman>, <name>?"
"Grimtotem Chiefs: Isha Gloomaxe : Basic brave philosophy dictates that if you kill the leaders of your enemy's forces, they will soon fall into disarray. We are going to do just that, <class>.Isha Gloomaxe is the closest of the Grimtotem chiefs. We will test her and her axe, and she will be found wanting."
"The High Priest's Vote : High Priest Amet's vote is the only one that is completely outside of our control.He will vote as his divinations tell him and nothing we do will dissuade him.I figure that gives us even odds either way.The only problem we face is that his clairvoyance has failed him ever since the barriers around Uldum fell.He will not cast a vote unless he regains power over his divinations.Take the stairs at either side of the Vir'naal Dam and Speak to him to see what you can do to help."
"Take it to 'Em! : We was lucky to escape, <class>. I'm not sure I'd feel right if we didn't take care of them ambushers.Hows about you git back up to Khartut's tomb and give them little buggers what fer!It's off to the northeast, just inside the entrance to Uldum if'n I recollect correctly.What're you looking at? I sure ain't in no condition to do it!"
"Shaping Up : High Commander Kamses has a special mission for me?Wait... don't tell me.  It's hyenas again, right?Very well, I shall do my best.Meet with me at the Sunwatcher's Ridge.I won't disappoint you."
"Through the Dream : Alysra's plan might be necessary, <name>.  I don't know how much longer we can hold off the cultists.Fandral Staghelm is bound by powerful spells.  He won't be able to escape you, even inside the Emerald Dream.Beware, though, for all we know the nightmare has spread to this part of the world inside the dream.Take Fandral to the surface and hand him to Alysra.  Let us hope he's more secure in Moonglade than he is here."
"An Offering for Aviana : Although the guardian of all winged creatures is no longer with us in body, I sometimes hear her voice in the whisper of swaying leaves.<name>, we ask much of you as you set out to preserve this mountain. Before going on, take a moment to reflect.Take this offering of nectar to Aviana's burial circle, a circle of stones just outside the main door of the shrine. Perhaps some time alone with Aviana's memory will help sharpen your focus."
"Last Stand at Whistling Grove : We might have a chance to beat these flames back thanks to your work in the Inferno.Still, more wildlife is threatened. Keeper Taldros ran north through the flames, to Whistling Grove.See if you can help him!"
"Satyr Horns : Heya! I've been traveling through Ashenvale, heading towards Ratchet, and decided to make a stop here at Splintertree. I'm always looking for an opportunity, and it seems that satyr horns are in high demand in Ratchet these days.After asking around here, it seems that the satyrs in Night Run, Satyrnaar, and Xavian all have the type of horns I am looking for. I'm no match for those satyrs... but you look like you might be!Tell you what, you collect the horns for me and I'll make it worth your time."
"Respect for the Fallen : There were two humans here: Feero Ironhand and Delgren the Purifier. They were members of a holy organization known as The Argent Dawn. Both fell defending the post when the Horde first attacked.I'm going to loan you my magical cloak. It was a gift from Cenarius that allows me to move invisibly.Find both of their corpses and retrieve Feero's hammer and Delgren's prayer book. Feero's corpse is in the courtyard and Delgren's is atop the tower.Beware, the warlock up there will be able to see you."
"Mist : The sabercat's fur is a distinctive gray color, blending into the surrounding forest. As she lays there, you observe that she is badly wounded, with deep lacerations across her back and stomach.She raises her head and gazes at you, bright intelligence shining in blue eyes. She seems to wish to follow you."
"The Eye of Twilight : The ogre clan across the lake is led by Gar'gol. I use the term loosely; Gar'gol has the intelligence of raw beef.So far as I can tell, Gar'gol is taking orders from a magical instrument: ""The Eye of Twilight."" He follows its commands unquestioningly.If we can sabotage the eye, we can cause unimaginable havoc.Go to Gar'gol's hovel and seek out the Eye of Twilight near the entrance. Study it. Find a way to subvert it. Ah, marvelous chaos..."
"A World Worth Saving : We could not stand against them. Their warriors... wreathed in the sun's flames...  They want the forge... to end all...  Go... I will... endure..."
"Where's My Head? : He's here, <name>! Captain Grunwald is a high-ranking Alliance officer from Northwatch Hold, no doubt here to coordinate an assault on Orgrimmar with his night elven allies. We have observed him entering the tower southwest of here. I want his head, <class>. I want to send it back to Northwatch to drive a wedge between our enemies!I've sent a goblin assassin, Slinky Sharpshiv, to the tower but she hasn't returned. Go find her. And get me that head!"
"Pre-Flight Checklist : This new engine is extremely fast. And dangerous. I'd use the word ""volatile.""That's the way the Captain likes it.Run back up the hill and let him know that I'll install this bad boy right now and that he should meet me at the construction site."
""
"Death to all Trappers! : There's only one answer for those filthy Twilight's Hammer trappers! Death!Bring me their nets, <name>."
"A Disarming Distraction : The curse has taken over the expedition members' higher brain functions, but my calculations reveal their suppressed adolescent subconscious can still be stimulated by realistic imagery.Utilize this holo-projector to distract them.They are currently setting up explosives at the tomb to the east to attempt to gain access to secret passages in Uldum.They seek dangerous re-origination technology beneath Uldum and must be stopped."
"Bloodied Sentinel's Glaive : The glaive rests inches from the sentinel's outstretched fingertips. Her eyes stare, sightless, at the ashen husk of Teldrassil on the horizon.  Perhaps someone in Stormwind can tell you what happened here."
"Xylem's Asylum : Quite marvelous of you! A pleasure to observe. Much to study.Off you go now, retire to my tower. Joanna will get you situated. I shall open a portal for you."
"Take it to the Tree : Those mangy curs think they can just snoop around my site and get away with it? I'll show them...And what I mean by that is, of course, that YOU will show them. You and the small army of axe-wielding goblin hires I've sent to Talonbranch Glade.The place will be swarming with worgen by now. Just where we want them. Head to the southeast, join up with the rest of our forces, and let some fur fly."
"Silithissues : The silithid! They're bugs, <name>. Or something like bugs. They're not natural... and we built a fortress on the equivalent of an anthill.Take this burning pitch. It'll set the buggers on fire and plug up their burrows at the same time. Be careful when you pour this stuff on there - the silithid will come out in swarms!Look for silithid mounds around the exterior of Desolation Hold. They look like heaps of sand. Kill anything that crawls out."
"Chips off the Old Block : My mysterious benefactors gave me more than one task. The second task took me farther south, to the Frostwhisper Gorge. I was surprised to learn that the gorge's bridge had been broken in two, preventing land travel from one side to the other.In addition, the juvenile Frostmaul tumblers were separated from their stronger adult parents. I thought that I could defeat them in battle.I was incorrect. I was forced to run away in shame.Teach these tumblers a lesson, <name>. Fight them, and win."
"Ignition : I don't suppose Sputtervalve sent you? I'm in a bind here. I hopped in without realizing that I need a key to unlock the shredder's movement column. One of the other shredder operators asked me if everything was okay, and I panicked! Instead of telling him that I was missing my key, I told him there was some sort of mechanical problem.We need to get out of here on the double! Search the upper level of the derrick, Supervisor Lugwizzle should have a key for this shredder.Help me out here!"
"Retaking Mystral Lake : We could easily have held Silverwind Refuge from the Horde had they not taken control of our water elemental defenders on Mystral Lake.One of their shaman summoned in Tideress, an old and angry water spirit of the forest who befouled our elementals and turned them against us. With the lake and the Horde pressing in on us, we had no choice but to retreat to the spire here.Go east. Take the lake back so that we will have a chance to retake the refuge some day."
"Speak With Spraggle : My good friend Spraggle has been fretting about something for some time now.  I'd help her, but as you can see, I'm pretty comfortable right now.Could you check in with her and see what she needs?"
"The Weakest Link : They say a chain is only as strong as its weakest link.I subscribe to that theory and expand upon it.Rather than removing that weak link, one must... strengthen it.The other links will step up their performance out of fear of they themselves becoming the weakest link.In my army's case, our weak link has a name.  Salhet.You'll find him training near the bottom of those stairs.Start him off with something easy.  The hyenas on the hills to the west, perhaps."
"Salhet the Tactician : Ever since I was a cub, I've always wanted to be a general.I was eager to join the army.  But as you've seen, my combat skills are not all quite there.This is not the first time I've been sent to kill hyenas.  As a matter of fact, I get sent here so often, that I've befriended these lions and trained them to do my bidding.They are my soldiers and at my command they will slay legions of hyenas.  Watch!"
"Blood Theory : The land is not all that has changed in Desolace. Here, the wildlife has responded to their new environment in strange and sometimes exciting ways.I am particularly interested in the Rejuvenated Thunder Lizards that roam just to the west.I need a sample of their blood.You may begin helping me by using this jar of leeches on a few of them.Once they've filled on the blood of those beasts, return them to me."
"Cleansing Our Crevasse : I recognize this foul creation. It's a terrible disease that kills almost instantly, and in a most violent manner. Loathe as I am to employ such devices, I fear we have no choice here.As you of course know, the naga remain a serious threat to the region. The time has come for us to drive them back into the sea!When you are ready, Grimfeather will take you to the crevasse where they are preparing a violent assault.Use the concoction on the naga and their allies to make Desolace safe!"
"Biological Intervention : The energies unleashed here have surged through the wildlife, twisting them into powerful and unstable forms. If allowed to spread beyond this grove, these deviates will wreak havoc on the existing ecosystem, devouring local prey and driving out the weaker natural creatures.You must go and cull the population of the overgrowth. Return when this task is done."
"Parts-is-Parts : I've always wanted to try making an abomination. It looks simple enough, but you know how it is when you learn things from a book. There's no substitute for doing!First, I'm going to need parts. Lots of parts. And you're going to get them for me.No need to be picky: human, orc... it doesn't matter. Parts is parts.Just be sure the corpses you harvest come from the Battlescar, so I know they're fresh.<Calder presses a rusted, gore-covered bonesaw into your hands and smiles disarmingly.>"
"Exploiting the Situation : <Hey there, handsome!  I've had my eye on those big, beefy biceps ever since you stepped into town./What're you looking at> ugly?  I've seen you walking around Razor Hill, trying to steal MY men from me!;Listen, I've got something for you to do.  I hear Gar'Thok's got you headed over to Tiragarde.  While you're there, think you could find some abandoned Kul Tiras knicknacks?<Thanks sweetie!/Don't ask why> just get to it!;"
"After the Fall : Aww, that was nothin', really.Those statues were teetering as it was - just needed a little push is all.How about you go and sort through that rubble?I've got a feeling we're close to getting this all sorted out."
"Behind You! : The three leaders of the Bulwark are powerful and not to be underestimated, <name>. Fortunately for us, you now have a disguise to make you look like one of the Twilight cultists.You should put the disguise on and speak with Codemaster Deethuk, Commander Fastfuse, and Elementalist Starion each alone. Get them to turn their backs on you, and when they do, strike quickly!"
"Chasing A-Me 01 : Unfortunately, something's happened to one of my greatest inventions.  You've seen mechanical squirrels, yes?  Well, to get closer to the apes of Un'Goro Crater, I created a mechanical ape to blend in with their kind--I call her A-Me 01.She has been studying the local wildlife at Fungal Rock for several months, but she should have returned by now.  I fear the worst for her.Can you help me find her?"
"Raze Direhorn Post! : There's no scrying necessary to see the trouble my new ""neighbors"" are creating. And if this is the band that burnt down the Shady Rest Inn, as you claim, there's no reason to tolerate their presence any longer.Take this torch and raze their camp to the ground! You'll find Direhorn just to the north of my farm, near the road. You can't miss it, really, as the Grimtotems have done a splendid job of announcing their presence with those totems they favor."
"Shore Leave : We're looking pretty good here at this point. It's definitely been a pleasure working with you, soldier.If you're ready to take the artifact back, we've got a Gyrocopter ready to take you back to Bilgewater Harbor so that you can deliver it to Uncle Bedlam personally."
"The Chieftain's Key : Sniff... I'm sorry! I didn't mean to get caught! They grabbed me and put this chain on me and left me here! I can't move and my leg fell asleep and I'm hungry!The chief has the key... Chieftain Bloodmaw, the other ones said. He's in the north end of the camp.But hurry! Please! Don't leave me alone here!"
"Sandsorrow Watch : If you're looking for more work, I've got a line for you. I know an elf by the name of Trenton Lighthammer who's been obsessed with the sand trolls near here for years. He's dead-set on finding some kind of mythical sword made by them, and just a while ago he finally got a crew together to go to Sandsorrow Watch and look for it.Last I heard, they kicked the trolls out of one of their camps and set up shop there. Look for it to the west, near Zul'Farrak."
"Kill 'em All! : I want to see some dead goblins, <name>! Just west of here you'll find a whole warren of those little insects burrowing into the mountain.Let's see to it that they're digging their grave.Destroy them. Lay waste to their whole grubby operation. They've sown their own demise in Bael'dun, <class>, and it is time to meet the reaper."
"The Kodo's Return : The great beast rises slowly to its feet, the loose Barrens soil spilling from its revitalized limbs. Instinctively it trudges back toward its home at Grol'dom Farm.You'll want to check in with Kranal Fiss to make sure the kodo made it."
"The Baron's Demands : I'm bound fer that gallows fer sure, mate. That treasure's no good to me now...Unless I can use it ta buy me life. I'll make a deal with ye, <race>. Smash these manacles and I'll tell ye where me treasure's buried.Oh, me word is good, friend. I used ta be a real Baron, ye know."
"Do the Honors : It looks like all that's left to do is to place the orbs on the pedestals at each corner of this mechanism.We appear to have stumbled upon what may be the most important find in modern history.<Harrison looks at you for a moment, then hands you the orbs.>Well, go ahead, <name>.We'd have never made this discovery without you."
"Search the Bole : I wish your tidings were better.Raene is correct, I know about Dartol's creation and the treants in the area--at least I did once. They've become corrupted now, their nature twisted.To find the next piece of the rod, you'll have to find the key to open the chest it's in.The wooden key is on one of the treants northeast of here near the Felwood border, at the Howling Vale. Once you have it, look for a small glade through the tunnel at the vale. The chest should be hidden around there."
"One Shot. One Kill. : I was traveling to Lor'danel with an important message when I was attacked by the furbolg Marosh and his trackers. During the attack I was poisoned, leaving me barely able to stand. I can make an antidote, but it will take time before it is ready.I would ask that you defend me until I can apply the antidote. I will aid you with my bow as best I can.Should we survive, I will be able to deliver my message to Lor'danel, while you speak with Onaeya at Maestra's Post to inform her of this incident."
"See You on the Other Side! : Alright, <name>. We've bought ourselves a little breathing room, but there's no time to lose.Follow me!"
"Get Me Outta Here! : <You reach up to unfasten Kristoff's bonds.>Good! Make a break for the exit, and I'll follow.If we get separated, check back here to make sure I haven't been recaptured."
"Disrupting the Rituals : The firestorms up ahead are unbound elementals in the purest form - something I didn't think could exist outside their own plane. Only very skilled summoners could unleash something like this.<name>, head into the Inferno and seek out Twilight Inferno Lords. They've got to be summoning in reinforcements as we speak. Silence them... For good!"
"Victims of Corruption : Bloodmyst Isle was forever changed by our arrival. The Exodar's crash scattered debris all over the islands and I think it's beginning to have an adverse effect on the wildlife.Before I can be certain of my conclusion, I'll need to get a closer look. The crystals seem to have affected the trees the fastest, so it seems that the treants would be the most likely to show symptoms. If you bring me samples of bark from corrupted treants, I can begin my in-depth studies."
"Unbound : There are two very powerful elementals that the Twilight's Hammer have bound. They are using the bound Fury and Vortex to infuse Animus with a great deal of power.When Animus has absorbed enough of their power, he will explode. The rest of Thousand Needles and much of the surrounding lands, will be obliterated."
"Portals of the Legion : Here it is - the Hand of Iruxos.Got it from one of the Burning Blade leaders myself.You must possess it if the demon portals at Mannoroc Coven are to be banished... which is what I now ask you to do.With the demon threat increasing we must close these portals to stem the tide of demons to this world."
"Warchief of the Horde : The meeting to decide the next Warchief of the Horde is about to begin.  The other leaders of the Horde have already arrived. They are waiting for you inside the embassy.  Speak with me when you are ready, and we will greet the others together."
"Timely Arrival : It's good to see you. I wasn't looking forward to enduring what Alanndarian did, so the rescue is somewhat welcome.I saw the troll leader before I was captured, and thought I had the perfect opportunity to kill him, but he's protected by some sort of magic shield. Morra needs to know before she mounts her assault, but first, we need to get out of here.Help me to the dock - I'll make my way to Lor'danel via water, and you can go back to Morra with the intel."
"Sethria's Demise : While you've been raiding Sethria's nest, messages have been flying back and forth between here and the shrine. Skylord Omnuron was at first reluctant, but I've persuaded my fellow druids to risk a direct assault on Sethria herself.Everyone agreed to my plan... provided YOU spearhead the attack.Take this signal rocket and engage Sethria on the far ridge. When she reveals her true colors and shifts to her dragon form, fire the rocket and backup will arrive to help you!"
"Wildmane Cleansing : Your cleansing of the Winterhoof and Thunderhorn wells is spoken among the spirits, young <name>.  The Wildmane Totem is made, and your last task lies ahead.The Wildmane Water Well lies north of Thunder Bluff.  Perform the ritual!  Heal the land of the Grimtotem's poisons!  Let clean water flow once again!"
""
"The Far Watch Offensive : Pigmen running amok right on the border of Durotar? Not on my watch! It is as they say, <name>: The best defense is crushing all who oppose you.One of my scouts followed the quilboar after the last caravan raid, so we know where to strike. Kreenig Snarlsnout is the mastermind behind the attacks along the river. Crush him, <class>. Defeat him and disembowel his forces so that the attacks on this camp cease.Search for a quilboar-infested cavern along the river, just south of our stables."
"Unraveling the Mystery : We're on the verge of a breakthrough, <name>! The rubbings you recovered have allowed us to recreate the glyphs on this crystalline prism. They are apparently a means for the Qiraji and other unknown entities to communicate various messages to the silithid.Unfortunately, that is all we could get out of the glyphs. We need to find a way to unlock the messages hidden within the crystals.Take the glyphed crystal prism to Geologist Larksbane at Cenarion Hold.  She might be able to help."
"Butcherbot : I make my money around here selling animal parts. I've been perfecting a foolproof method of maximizing profit: The butcherbot!These little guys are programmed to harvest every scrap of usable material from the wildlife around here, on a case-by-case basis. He does all the work, and best of all, only I know how to get the goods back out of him.If you're interested in making some coin, take one of these guys for a spin. I need some glasshide basilisk parts; you'll find a bunch of them to the south."
"Neferset Prison : Hieroglyphs depicting a chained Tol'vir mark the southeastern corner of the map.Perhaps Tahet was brought there when he was imprisoned."
"Hungry as an Ogre! : You meet some people out here sometime. Nice people. Met an ogre once. Ogres get hungry just like me.I'll never forget what he said. He said ""Mud big ogre. Me hungry. Go bash fishy. Bring Mud food. You feed Mud or Mud eat you.""So I got him those fish and he ate 'em up. That's when I started too. The heads are the best part, all soggy-like.Don't crush those heads now. It makes them sad. Sad heads aren't good eating. Get me happy heads and I'll eat them and be happy too."
"Unleash the Raptors : Now that we've got our raptors, our next move is to ""encourage"" them to attack the Grimtotems at Blackhoof Village to the northwest.I've got a leftover haunch of... well, it doesn't really matter what it is. It'll be your bait. Set it down on the ground in Blackhoof Village near the windmill in the center of the settlement. The raptors should take care of the rest, if their training took."
"Fresh Bait : I was stunned to discover that Twilight's Hammer had located - and imprisoned - the great turtle ancient Tortolla. As we speak he is chained above the murky waters of the Ashen Lake.Freeing Tortolla from his bonds will not be easy. But we will take it one step at a time.Head into the Flamewake and collect for me heaps of core hound entrails. I will explain why later.And beware of Nemesis the Usurper while you are there! His time will come, but we are not yet prepared."
"Return from the Firelands : I'll usher out the rest of Goldrinn's followers and seal this portal behind us.The rest of our forces at Mount Hyjal will want to hear of this victory. Return to Ian Duran and let him know what we've discovered and how we were triumphant!Simply step through the portal to return to Mount Hyjal."
"Don't Drink the Water : Our shaman claim that the elements of water have become greatly agitated by the pollution of the water source. We know that the Exodar's power core is lodged into the mountain to the west. It must be leaking volatile fluids into the water supply! I need you to get me more information.<Aesom points to a flask and nods.>You are to take this flask and follow the beach north until you reach the area where the rivers of Bloodmyst drain into the ocean. Take a sample from that location and return to me."
"Wings Over Mount Hyjal : <name>, is it true you're going to try to commune with the ancients?Southwest of here is the Shrine of Aviana, the matron of all flying creatures. It's the home of my favorite instructor, Choluna. I've never encountered one who was so deeply in touch with the spirits of this world. You could learn a lot from her!The recent attacks have isolated the shrine. But it's easily accessible from the air - look for the second biggest tree on Hyjal. Good luck!"
"Enemy at our Roots : The goblins are already upon us!We have tried everything in our power to warn the goblins to leave Irontree Clearing before we resorted to violence. As they turned a blind ear to us, we struck, and now rather than spare the forest they would lay down their lives for greed.They will soon know the full extent of our fury! The battle rages just beyond our northern gate. Join our pack in glory and slay any goblin who dares come before us!"
"Thunderdrome: Zumonga! : Splendidly done! But you'll be fighting more than mere humans!Your next opponent's a mean one...watch out for his right hook. And his left. I'd be wary of his fists in general."
"Hacking the Wibson : It is true.  New expedition crews have arrived by sea.My scanners detect that they already have been afflicted by the curse phenomenon.You must hurry and go aboard the M.A.C. Diver.  The access codes will give us control over the fusion core's functions, but there is still a layer of security we must bypass.User <name>, I must ask you to hack a very sophisticated mainframe known as the ""Wibson.""Do not worry I will provide you with further instructions."
"Raptor Captor : The patch of swamp to the northeast is home to a particularly nasty breed of raptors. We've lost more than one unwary soldier to them, but I think we can turn them against our Grimtotem neighbors.Take this rope and use it to capture Bloodfen raptors or Bloodfen screechers that you've subdued. I wouldn't try to capture one of the beasts until you've weakened them quite a bit in combat. It's going to be quite a struggle."
"Reduced Productivity : Alright, <name>, here's what I've learned.There's a titan device deep in a place called the Halls of Origination. It's meant to be an emergency reset switch for all life on Azeroth. If activated, it will destroy every living thing in the world!Now, it's only meant to be used under certain extreme conditions, but if Deathwing is able to corrupt the titan watchers, he could use the contents of the coffer to trigger the device.Go to the Obelisk of the Moon, <name>. Slow them down!"
"Sealing the Dream : It is ready. Take this, <name>; a beacon of natural essence, blessed by the will of Ysondre.To the east, on the other side of the flowing brook, is Dream Bough. There stands the Great Tree, the tallest in Feralas, a sapling of the World Tree itself. A portal to the heart of the Emerald Dream sits in its trunk, and it is this portal you must seal.The portal will be guarded, but you must be brave. May the Earth Mother watch over you."
"Hero's Call: Dustwallow Marsh! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Calia Hastings at Theramore Isle.You must aid SI:7's Calia Hastings in uncovering the threats to Theramore, both within the city and beyond its walls. You can reach Theramore Isle by taking the boat from Menethil or traveling across the marsh from the Southern Barrens.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Rocket Rescue : When the water came in, Steamwheedle Port to the east was flooded, and a lot of poor goblins are still stuck there! Now those mean pirates are shooting at any boat that leaves the docks here.But they won't expect us to fly! There's a hot air balloon by the docks. We can use that, fly over to rescue the goblins, and take care of the pirates, too. Mr. Noggenfogger will be so pleased!Go to the docks and hop in the balloon and I'll be right behind you, okay? I've got to get some rockets..."
"Seaside Salvage : If we want to convince Mister Noggenfogger to let us move more gnomes here, we've got to show him just how nice we are! I know just the thing.Gadgetzan's under blockade by pirates, but plenty of the goods that get blown off the ships survive intact... they just wash away. Most of them wash up in the shallows just south of town.If you could go collect those supplies for them, it'd help us make friends! And it'll keep that mean goblin girl over there from taking them and selling them."
"By Hook Or By Crook : I suppose he'll come around with some cold water to the face. What do you think he'll tell us?I'll secure him inside our livestock pen behind me here. I don't think he'll stay conscious long. Find out what you can about why the quilboar are attacking our farms! I'll leave the interrogation methods up to your better judgment."
"The Fledgling Colossus : If you're here to help, then maybe you can help us with a lurking threat.To the south lies the Slithering Scar, a quivering silithid outpost in the middle of the jungle.  You can't miss it.One of my scouts reports that the silithid are harboring a young colossus in their large central underground chamber, and once it is fully grown, they plan to unleash it upon Un'Goro!This must not be allowed to pass, <name>.  Find the colossus and kill it."
"Marshal's Refuse : A big part of making money is shamelessness.  You have to be willing to profit off of the misfortune of others.  It all ends up boiling down to one question: How much do you love money?When Marshal and his crew abandoned their refuge up to the north, they left behind lots of supplies.  This stuff isn't rare, or even particularly valuable, but it's there if you're willing to take it.  His camp is up in the cliffs, to the north.Oh, and be on the lookout for whatever it was that made them leave..."
"The Witch's Bane : In my years as an herbalist, I've often observed that nature will provide subtle cures to the most vexing of problems. I've read that hedge mages and witch doctors often use the smoke of an herb known as witchbane to draw evil from its hiding places.If true, this would mean witchbane should be growing near the shallow waters of Witch Hill. You should be able to identify it by its broad leaves and reddish central stalk. Bring me any of the herb you can find, <name>. It may be our only hope."
"Master Trapper : One thing about me that you might not know, <name>...I come from a long line of trappers. My father taught me, as his taught him, to master the art of trapping creatures in a most merciful manner.As any master trapper will tell you, the most important ingredient in an effective trap is the bait.So let's start there.Fill this bucket with the meat scraps from almost any wild creature in Uldum."
"Pulling Weeds : With such an abrupt change to the ecology, it is to be expected that some of the flora and fauna don't react as well as we'd hope.The uprooted lashers are a troublesome example of this. Roaming the fields to the east and south they are a detriment to the region and must be disposed of.While you're about, please deal with any of these pests that you find."
"Buzzbox 413 : Greetings!I'm helping Tharnariun here try to unravel what's been corrupting the wildlife in the area. I've set up some machines in the field that can analyze animal parts and possible corruption agents. If you can get me some good samples, we can get to the bottom of this affliction quickly.The first machine is Buzzbox 413. I set it up on the beach just east of town. I'll need you to gather some flesh from the nearby corrupted tide crawlers and bring it to the machine so that I can analyze it."
"Friends Come In All Colors : My brothers and I are being hunted.Our sire was recently killed and the black dragonflight seeks to rout those of us that still live. I'm here to find Azuregos and take him to safety, if only he would let it be that easy.Azuregos doesn't make many friends, and his taste in them tends to be a bit... unique. The only one I know of here is a murloc named Ergll. You should be able to find him on the coast northeast of here.Do whatever it takes to find Azuregos and send him to me.Please hurry."
"Twice Removed : We cannot condone reckless violence - it is not our nature. However, there are times when the consequences of avoiding battle are too tangible to ignore, as is the case with these naga.When the earth in the area shattered, a small section of ruins rose to our east. These ruins once housed those loyal to Queen Azshara, and it seems her kind have returned in search of something.Take this petrified root. You can use it on their fallen to raise ents to aid you. Deal with them and their leader swiftly."
"The Apes of Un'Goro : There's plenty of money to be had here in Un'Goro, you just need to know where to look!Apes may be common here in Un'Goro, but they're much rarer up north.  In Everlook, a gorilla hide fetches ten times what you'll get for it down here!I'm not going to send you all the way up to Winterspring - that'd be irresponsible - but I could use your help actually obtaining some hides.You'll find gorillas at Fungal Rock, to the northeast, near a waterfall.  Don't forget to check inside the cave!"
"Kavem the Callous : Kavem was cruel enough before the Neferset signed up with Deathwing.  His pleasure in deriving pain now borders on the insane.It is he who now holds the keys to our shackles.He dwells in the building next to us, to my right.Find him and take the key from him.  Do not hesitate or show him mercy.  He will slit your throat and think nothing of it."
"Avenge Furien! : This cannot be!My dear brother - slain by Alliance scum!They must be made to suffer, <race>! Find a way to bring them pain! I shall not rest until it is so...Furien had been researching ancient artifacts in the eastern regions before his death. Speak to Sorrem. Perhaps he can direct you in my brother's footsteps."
"Mossy Tumors : There is a malevolence growing in the timberlings. We are trying to find the source, but until we do...in order to keep Teldrassil safe we must cut down the timberlings who are beyond help. Those that wander Wellspring Lake to the north are the most tainted. They must be removed!Destroy the Timberlings you find there, and gather the mossy tumors growing upon them. Bring the tumors to me so that they may be burned."
"Sullah's Gift : Jonesy tells me you two need to make it up that mountain.Well, you're not going far with those troopers crawling all over it like ants on a carcass.Some of my friends were able to confiscate a bit of the enemy's hardware. It should make your journey a bit easier.Make your way up the ridgeline to the north, and you'll find it waiting for you.Good luck, you two!"
"Not So Fast! : <The Khan of the Gelkis clan stares at you with an empty gaze as you detail the demon threat and Leh'prah's visions.>It matters not to me what becomes of this land now. I have failed my clan and my forefathers....There is but one thing left in this world that might bring my old soul hope, and she's likely dead as well.My precious daughter, Kherrah, was taken from me by the Maraudine clan. If you can bring her back to me alive, I shall consider your proposal."
"Reason to Worry : These appear to be orders dispatched to the overseers at the ruins from a superior in the Shatterspear War Camp. Most of the document contains negligible strategic value, but a couple lines stick out to you.""We captured another night elf spying on our operation. She has been taken back to the camp to be tortured for more information. Keep an eye out for additional spies - we cannot afford for our operation to be compromised.""The Lieutenant will surely want this information."
"Wash Out : Delicious!Azy always trying to get his hands on magic artifacts. Said he was trying to make friends with that archmage person. Xylem!Xylem has LOTS of apprentices. Takes in all kinds, burns'm out, leaves them wandering all over. High turnover.Last one was last night. Headed over towards that big goblin tower construction thing, way west. Maybe he'll help you meet Xylem? Maybe Xylem knows where Azy is?Play nice!"
"Clearing the Way : Only the most battle hardened, noble and positively fearless of draenei will submit to Legoso's mission. The exarch will not order any agent of the Hand to take on the task of destroying the Vector Coil and dispatching Sironas. He refuses to send any draenei to their death - which is what the mission is: suicide...<Corin sighs.>My job is to soften up the Sunhawk defenses. You are to slay Sunhawks near the Vector Coil and keep the path clear for our champion - whoever that may be."
"Speaking Their Language : The quilboar are attacking because they perceive weakness. Strength is the only language they understand. So we will show them strength.<Makaba withdraws a large horn from his satchel.>This is admittedly crude work but it'll do. Bristleback leaders use horns like these to challenge one another for dominance.<name>, I want you to challenge the Bristleback champion, Sabersnout, to single combat. Defeat him in front of his followers. Blow the horn at the Bristleback challenge ring due south of here."
"Trouble From the Ground Up : Teegan's a fool to think the quilboar caused this sudden overgrowth. Look around you. I've been watching these plants bloom and sprout daily - each generation is more mutated than the last. This isn't tribal magic - it's something primal. And dangerous.The day before last a great druid passed through our camp. Seek out Naralex, somewhere in the midst of this jungle. He'll know what to do.And bring him some plant samples from around the overgrowth to help his studies."
"Harpy Raiders : Since you're here, <class>, perhaps you can help me with a small problem. The blasted harpies have been ravaging our caravan supplies for too long. It's time we slit a few of their throats and diminished their numbers.The most devastating attack will destroy a good section of their lower chain of command and then we can work our way to the top.Take out Witchwing harpies of any kind in the Northwest and bring me 6 Witchwing Talons. That should be a good start..."
"Gargantapid : No! It didn't work! I don't know what to do, unless...Oh gosh, it's worse than I thought! She must've been stung by the one lurking in the cave. I saw it the first night we arrived. Claws the size of a goblin. A tail as tall as a tree! We shared hushed whispers of it around the campfire... we called it... GARGANTAPID! ...hey, are you laughing? Stop that! This is serious! Chelsea's life is on the line! Please, I'll make it worth your while...just bring me Gargantapid's poison gland!"
"Mutiny, Mon! : Now for my favorite part of any mutiny: the killin'! For pirates, it doesn't matter who's supposed to be in charge, only who's in control of the ships. Anchored on the east end of this island is the Maiden's Dagger, Cap'n Garvey's old flagship. He left his most trusted officer in charge: Alicia Cuthbert. Once we take her out, the ship is ours, and so's the sea.I'll get the men onto the boats. I need you to board the Dagger and blow this horn from on deck - that'll be our signal to board. Yar!"
"The Voice of Goldrinn : Southwest of here lies the shrine of Goldrinn, a memorial erected in honor of the ancient wolf spirit and his contribution during the War of the Ancients.Our new worgen allies have been drawn to the memory of the wolf god - go figure! - and were in the process of cleaning up the shrine.I haven't heard anything from my contact, Ian Duran, in days. Can you fly down there and find him? I've got a bad feeling that Goldrinn's shrine is in trouble..."
"The Gordunni Orb : In addition to clearing out the ogres...Estulan mentioned something else about the ogres. He said the ogre warlocks may have some sort of orb, or other item of powerHe was terse about it, but seemed upset...he said there was ""no way they could be Highborne"", so I think he wants to know just where they got them. Bring me back one of these orbs."
"Totem of Vark : You no longer see unrecognizable symbology in the totems. The totem of Yor reads to you just as easily as your native tongue.The markings identify another furbolg den, due west of here. You are able to expertly decipher the language on the totem and know that your destination is Bristlelimb Village. Yor will guide you but if you get lost, you know that you are able to take the ancient elven road in the forest leading west to reach your destination."
"A Love Eternal : I would like to extend my gratitude for saving us. I would call myself fortunate, but my beloved, Anaya, lays long dead. I am alone and deeply troubled, and sadly, I require your aid yet again.Wandering the woods of Darkshore after my rescue, I found myself in the ruins of Bashal'Aran... where I saw the haunted spirit of my beloved.She must be freed, but I lack the heart to do it. Her spirit must be destroyed."
"The Fallen Guardian : Fandral Staghelm was kept prisoner here in Hyjal. It was the green dragon Alysra - one of my very own! - who was in charge of keeping Fandral secure.We can only conclude that the Twilight's Hammer has gotten to her. You must confront her, <name>. Destroy her if you must - I cannot bear to see it.She was last seen in the Ruins of Lar'donir, west of the World Tree."
"A Sacred Burial : Only the most valiant tauren are laid to rest at Red Rocks, our sacred burial ground. It is an honor bestowed upon the great warriors who helped found and defend Thunder Bluff and those who have given their lives for the greater good of their tribes and chieftains.But it appears a foul menace has made its way onto our holy land. A band of Bristleback Interlopers is ravaging the grave site and I am too old and past my prime to drive them away.They must be driven off with force, <name>."
"Out of Harm's Way : Luckily, when the infestation occured, no druids were slumbering in the western barrow den. It is still a sacred site to us, however, and its depths hold blessed relics kept there undisturbed for ages.While I am somewhat trusting of the goblin exterminators, I am also... familiar with the habits of their race. Please retrieve any relics you can find in the barrow den and bring them back to me so they are not damaged. They are within urns, nestled in the small alcoves throughout the den."
"Puddle Stomping : There's a big problem here! It's great that the ocean came in so far, because now ships can get to Gadgetzan. But now there's a bunch of nasty old sea giants encroaching on the town! I'm sure Mister Noggenfogger would appreciate us taking care of them for him.Don't worry, I won't ask you to do it just out of the goodness of your heart! Take care of them and I'll give you a reward!"
"With a Little Help... : Fine, I be helpin' ya. He not gettin' outa payin' me alimony that easy! 'Sides, there be the baby he had with me sistah ta take care of!First thing we needin' is the innards of his closest friends. That'd be his cap'ns.Go down there an' pay the three of them a visit."
"Dearest Natalia : My dear Natalia has gone missing.Truth be told, she had been acting strangely for weeks leading up to her disappearance. I had caught her talking to herself when no one was around on more than one occasion. She was adamant that everything was ok and that she must be allowed to continue her research.She was last seen heading to Bronzebeard's camp to the south.My soldiers are spread too thin, <name>. I need you to go to Bronzebeard's camp and question those dwarves."
"Meats to Orgrimmar : I have some choice cuts of meat that I want to send to a friend.  Her name is Gryshka, the innkeeper in Orgrimmar.  Will you deliver the meat for me?The fastest way to Orgrimmar is on a wind rider.  Take the meats to the Razor Hill wind rider master, Burok, and speak with him about transport to Orgrimmar."
"Learn to Ride in Durotar : This pamphlet advertising riding training and mount purchases was sent from Xar'Ti.Xar'Ti can be found at Sen'jin Village in southern Durotar."
"The Last Stand : <name>, I desperately need your help! I cannot hold out forever against this demonic onslaught. If I fall, Astranaar is next!Please help me!"
"This Old Lighthouse : The old lighthouse out to the east hasn't worked for some time, but Babs Fizzletorque has gotten it into her head to get it working again.I don't know how she plans to do it by herself, but she claims that it'll make the movement of ships and goods into the docks smoother, so I can't really object. Drawing duty on the docks is really nothing to complain about when you could be on the front lines, you know?"
"Raptor Raptor Rocket : Shortly after my intellect was augmented, I bred with Subject Four in order to create a unique race of cognitively superior raptors. Subsequently, Subject Four neither called nor wrote: I have determined to disembowel him upon our next encounter.Nonetheless, there are enough raptor children imprisoned in this lab to provide adequate genetic stock for repopulating my race. Please release them from their cages and carry them to the rocket."
"Explosives Shredding : I hate to send you back in there, but based on your description of what's going on, we can't let them use all of those explosives they have stored up!It's too dangerous for you to try to destroy them yourself, but if you were to steal one of their shredders, I'm sure they're tough enough to withstand the explosions.After you've destroyed their explosives, return here with the shredder. There's no sense in letting them have it back."
"The Blood of Azeroth : Do the leaders of the Alliance and Horde even know what they're fightin' over?  This substance that is risin' up from the wound is the lifeblood of Azeroth!  We need ta heal the wound, not exploit it fer power! Azeroth is the only home we've got. We cannot allow her ta die!  I trust ye, <name>, and I know that yer voice carries great weight among the Alliance. Ye must reason with 'em ta stop this madness!  'Tis the only hope our world has..."
"The Writ of History : In shu'halo myth, the Rattle of Bones is connected with the Writ of History and the Drums of War. They are supposed to be powerful tauren artifacts.We must keep our eyes peeled if we're to find the other two. The writ will most likely look like some kind of pictographic scroll if the stories are to be believed."
"The Stolen Silver : It's clear that these raptors acted alone to steal the Horde's silver.It's time to teach these beasts a lesson."
"The Northern Pylon : You've done us a number of favors, <name>... now let Gremix do one for you.  The attacks on Marshal's Refuge were terrible, undoubtedly.  They came without warning, and took no prisoners.  They were lucky that so many of them survived.A few weeks ago, I came across a crystal pylon in the cliffs to the northeast of here, east of Marshal's Refuge.  I think the pylon and the attacks may be related somehow.  Maybe you can investigate?  I'm sure someone in Marshal's Stand will thank you."
"The Moss-twined Heart : The heart of Blackmoss the Fetid is covered with a dark, oily moss.  In fact, the only way to tell this is a heart is from its slow, rhythmic beat... A beat that continues even now.Perhaps Denalan will want to see this heart."
"The Kurken's Hide : Take the Kurken's hide to Moordo, on the other side of the village. He will fashion the hide into an item of your choice."
"Still With The Zapped Giants : Hey pal! I'm still working on a variant of a gnomish shrinking ray, using superior GOBLIN technological advances in its construction!  In an effort to avoid inconveniences for myself such as death, I'd like for you to try it out on some of the sea giants along the coast here.  You should find miniaturization residue on them after you shrink them - bring me back some!"
"Brood of Seldarria : <The Gnomecorder buzzes.>Be very careful, <name>. You do not want to rouse that black dragon.Now, look around you. If this is a nest then there must be black dragon eggs nearby. Search the premises for eggs and destroy any that you see.Return to me should you find and destroy Seldarria's eggs.Goldrinn watch over you."
"Field Promotion : Commander Molotov sent word directly that you should be dispatched to our forward post. We're preparing to send squads into the ruins to rout the naga and recover the artifact, and he would like you to lead one of them.Get to the northwest corner of the beach and follow the path up to our forward post."
"That Gleam in his Eye : If you're looking for Harrison, you just missed him.He was going on and on about his latest discovery, and how everything was beginning to make sense.Whatever... he certainly wasn't making sense to me.I tried to convince him to stay here and just enjoy a few desert sunsets with me, but there's no talking to him when he gets that gleam in his eye.Perhaps you'd be willing to check in on him?He was headed to that big monolith, south of here."
"What's Haunting Witch Hill? : I traveled out here to pay Jarl a visit at his new home and it's been a nonstop horror show ever since! There's something seriously wrong here and I can't be the only one who sees it...Have you seen the ghosts and corpses shambling about Witch Hill? I've a feeling that if anyone knows what happened here, it is them. Seek out these risen husks and risen spirits in the surrounding area, grant them rest through combat, and see what you can learn from them before this evil consumes Jarl!"
"Meet with Feenix Arcshine : I just received a scroll for you from Orgrimmar, <name>. It's from Feenix Arcshine, one of the mage trainers there. He wants you to meet with him at The Barracks in the Valley of Honor."
"Ethel Rethor : We have plenty of enemies in this region without raising the ire of the Cenarion Circle.When we established our post here, we were asked to keep a watch over one of their researchers.Korrah was last seen at the tower to the west. Do be a dear and pay her a visit. It's been some time since we've bothered to check on her."
"Teldrassil: The Burden of the Kaldorei : You must now visit the moonwell that rests under the boughs of the Oracle Tree, far to the northwest. The first and most powerful of our wells, its waters are said to possess the very essence of Elune's Powers.Retrieve a phial of its water and return to me. I will meet you at the crossroads in front of Darnassus when your task is complete."
"A Small Start : I am Admiral Odesyus of Alliance Naval Command. Our ship was forced to port on your island due to an infestation of sorts. It's embarrassing to even talk about, but goblins somehow managed to stow away in the holds of both of my ships.Last night, while most of the ship's crew was asleep below deck, they struck!Stranger still, they took our navigation gear and jumped ship!They disappeared into the thicket, east of here. Will you go in search of our gear? It will make for a strong gesture."
"Death to the Broodmother : We've located the matriarch's feeding grounds south of the Ascendant's Rise.She will be extremely angry to have lost one of her drakes.  Place the skull there near the carcasses she devours.  If she's anywhere in the vicinity, she will come out and attempt to exact revenge.We will have a surprise waiting for her."
"Wisps of the Woods : I have toiled long here with the Denmother to spread the teachings of Cenarius and the ways of the wild. She has gained much of my trust, and in return, I have been allowed to introduce the spirits of the forest to her students. The company of wisps is a great honor, as well as a useful blessing.But now the goblins descend on us, and seek to steal the wisps for nefarious use. Please, prevent this blasphemy!Call the wisps back here from the western woods with this blessed branch, and keep them safe."
"To the Summit : We are staging a relief effort at Westreach Summit for all of Thousand Needles. Shyn will lend you my wind rider to safely get you there. Speak with Kanati Greycloud when you land.You must go quickly if lives are to be saved!"
"Find Gorat! : Gorat is one of the Horde's most adept assassins.The mere mention of his name strikes fear into the hearts of our Alliance foes.He is reliable, fiercely loyal, and - until now - punctual.Something's not right, <class>.Gorat's mission was to find and eliminate the elf in charge of this assault on the ramparts.He should be somewhere in the region of Fallen Sky Lake.Find him!"
"Ride to Orgrimmar : For just a few coins I will have a wind rider bring you to Orgrimmar.  When you get there, you can take Grimtak's meats to Gryshka.  Her inn is in the Valley of Strength.Speak with me again when you are ready for the journey."
"Never Trust a Big Barb and a Smile : Next, we gonna get some poison from the scorpions that be runnin' around here.  But don't you worry, Bom'bay's not gonna let you get hurt!Bom'bay's got a big totem that you gonna stick in the ground when the scorpion strikes.  The totem gonna suck up all the poison, and you gonna walk away still breathing.  Sound good?"
"Gobbles! : At last! Zhe time has come to set my Gobbles free of zhat nasty curse!Pay attention now, <race>, and stay on guard. Zhere can be no interruptions vhile I perform zhe ritual.Let me know vhen you haf secured zhe perimeter!Now, move it!"
"Elune's Tear : I'd hoped Orendil's cure would save Relara, but I fear it only slowed the disease running through her. We must find more powerful medicine! Thankfully, Orendil spoke to me of further remedies should his first one fail.Elune's Tear is a type of stone that rests in only one place: the remains of Iris Lake, destroyed by the eruption of Thunder Peak, northeast of Astranaar. Orendil said the stone will wash away corruption.Please, <name>, bring me Elune's Tear and pray it will end my child's sickness!"
"Kodo Hide Bag : The kodo beasts of Mulgore are strong and sturdy -- traits much respected among us.  If you are skilled in leatherworking and wish the knowledge to make a Kodo Hide Bag, then bring me supplies for my trade.Do this, and I will share my knowledge with you."
"Power Over the Tides : Do not worry about me.  My wounds are deep and death will soon come to me.It is all up to you now... you must stop the Twilight's Hammer.The Old Gods they worship have granted them power over the restless water spirits... but that power is tenuous.  Channel Elune's presence through this orb once the elementals have been defeated.Use the power of Elune to banish the spirits permanently."
"Warchief's Command: Felwood! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Tenell Leafrunner at the Emerald Sanctuary in Felwood. The Cenarion Circle requires your help to wrest Felwood from the control of demons and other corrupt creatures!To reach the Emerald Sanctuary, travel north from Ashenvale and follow the road until you reach the sanctuary.Destiny calls!"
"Negotiations : <name>, great job defending the Speedbarge! I've got something else that I need you to help out with.I've sent Riznek and Trackmaster Zherin northeast to negotiate with the centaur survivors. Their Splithoof Heights is dripping with oil!I figure those smelly half horses won't know what they've got and we'll get the rights to pump up that black gold for a song, but I'd feel better if you took charge of the talks.What do you say?"
"Twilight Geolords : The Twilight's Hammer, an insane cult bent on destruction, set up camps in Silithus and perform rituals day and night.  We do not yet know their plans, but we do think they are somehow linked to the pulsing red crystals spread across the desert.Although their mystery may one day be solved, we must first deal with their immediate threat.  Go to their camps to the west and seek out Twilight geolords.  They are the heads of these serpents; that is where we must strike!"
"Three Friends of the Forest : Care to make a quick trip to the south? I've three friends that I haven't heard from in a while. With these strange tentacles popping out of the ground to the north, and all of the demonic activity, I don't dare leave my family.Bolyun set up his camp in the southwest corner of the forest, just to the northwest of that damnable Fire Scar Shrine. Alenndaar and Harlown joined him, so they should all be okay, but you never know.Thanks, <name>."
"Salhet's Gambit : Neferset City is too well defended.  The mountain next to it, however, is not.I've spoken to the ranger captain and he's willing to take a handful of his men and secure the strategic mountaintop.There is one catch, <name>.  He agreed, but only if you would spearhead the attack with them.It must be a small group, else we'll draw the enemy's attention too soon, but trust me... the rangers of Ramkahen are as tough as they come.  With you by their side we'll surely succeed."
"Up a Tree : Hold still a second, I'm going to bring your main buzzsaw controls online.Night elven snipers from Talrendis have been hiding in the trees, taking potshots at my workers. I want you to take care of those snipers... by first taking care of those trees. Look for Azshara saplings east of the main gates. Your shredder will know what to do. Chop to it!"
"Cruelfin's Necklace : Examining the crudely constructed pendant, you notice the crystal pulsating softly. Though it emits little light, you can almost feel the crystal radiating a sense of wrongness.You're not quite sure what might have possessed Cruelfin to create this pendant, but the find is too important to ignore. You should probably show it to someone at Blood Watch."
"Ready the Ground Troops : It was a bad idea to muster the troops in this festering goblin metropolis. Every vice that coin can buy is within arm's reach. Our mighty veterans are running rampant, blowing years of Northrend back-pay in a city-wide debacle.Can you make a sweep through the city and gather up any stragglers that have gone AWOL?My axebite warriors are unmatched on the battlefield, but I won't have them disgrace their uniforms while on shore leave."
"You Gotta Have Eggs : I don't have a very discerning palate, but even I can't stand the taste of those chimaeras that you'll find around here.  Their eggs, however, are a different story.Chimaera eggs are the richest, most buttery eggs you'll find this side of Orgrimmar.  Way better than boring owl eggs, and not as sulfurous as those weird wildkin eggs.I'll take as many of them as you can gather.  Head northeast, and look for their nests in the snow."
"Ancient Obstacles : I've studied the gate here for years, trying to find a way of entry that wouldn't disturb any of the ancient architecture just behind it. It figures a few overgrown earthquakes decided to muck the whole thing up! But what's done is done, and the entrance to Uldum is revealed.I wasn't expecting anything to come out of the ruins before we went in, though. A whole mess of golems are running amok in the valley now, let loose from inside. Someone needs to clean them up if we're gonna get in there!"
"Go Blow that Horn : That old, bitter centaur, Skycaller Vrakthris, mentioned a great air spirit that the centaur worship. To secure the Heights, the last step is for us to deal with this thing.I've seen them blow the giant horn at the top of the hill up there and an air elemental came down. It gave them orders and then dissipated.Go blow that horn, <name>."
"A Tale of Two Shovels : Hey wait a minute, this bone has pickax marks on it.  These aren't yours, are they?  No, I recognize this mark... this must be that blasted dwarf!  Gah!Let me step back for a minute and explain.  There's another archaeologist south of here named Durrin Direshovel.  He practices a reckless, devil-may-care brand of archaeology that offends even me.A priceless fossil, ruined by sloppy pick-work.  This is the last straw, Durrin!<name>, go put an end to Direshovel and his negligent excavation."
"What's that Rattle? : Did you see that glowing rattle on the ground outside of Isha's hut?"
"Nahom Must Hold : As soon as we make our move west in order to attack Neferset City, the enemy will strike us from the east, where we'll be weak.Nahom will be the first to fall, and if it does, Ramkahen will soon follow.A small detachment is there already.Get a briefing from them.  I want you to make sure that they hold Nahom until I can send more troops there."
"The Captain's Logs : Now that you've got that thing under control, let's gather up the lumber I was supposed to be collecting. Otherwise these orcs are going to build a catapult out of ME!Fresh lumber should be stockpiled all around the area. Use the shredder to collect all you can."
"The Devourer of Darkshore : Now that the creatures of Darkshore are safe, let's turn our attention to the artifact you found in the lake. I believe it's the work of a minion of the Old Gods. We'll fight these fiends using the very lifegiving energies of Darkshore itself! Take the Lifebringer Sapling to the shore of the shallow lake to the south of here. Wave it over the waters of the lake and it should disable that ancient artifact.Be careful, <name>. The artifact is likely to be guarded by who-knows-what."
"Deceivers In Our Midst : Now that you've had a lesson in keeping an open mind, perhaps you'd like to learn WHY I killed those druids.The answer is simple: They are not druids at all.Demons still roam the ruins, now hiding in plain sight in the guise of friendly caretakers. See for yourself...this blindfold is soaked in demon blood. Take it north up the hills to Jadefire Run and place it on your eyes. It will show even the most oblivious fool the true nature of any demon."
"Hunting the Damned : The first demons to set foot in this forest were infernals. Long ago, these powerful beings of stone and demonic fire fell from the sky to take this land for the Burning Legion.The charred craters of Shatter Scar Vale to the south are where these infernals landed, and many still wander there. They are fierce foes, and killing them is both a worthy challenge and a noble cause.I offer reward for those who join the hunt. Return here afterwards."
"Warchief's Command: Stonetalon Mountains! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Blood Guard Aldo Rockrain at Silverwind Refuge in Ashenvale. The Horde forces in Stonetalon need your help to drive back the Alliance invaders and protect our people. The blood guard will direct you to the border of Stonetalon.To reach Silverwind Refuge, travel into the heart of Ashenvale and join our forces by the lake.Destiny calls!"
"A Squad of Your Own : I certainly hope that you're here to help, <class>. The situation is as dire as it appears. To put it quite simply, we are losing!My girls and I are the last line of defense against the Horde, but we're not going to get out of this one without taking the fight to them. Up for a challenge?I have a small squad of sentinels that I can loan to you. Get them close and I'm certain that their magic arrows can destroy those wreckers and invaders.Speak to me again if you need replacements."
"Winds in the Desert : I'm Rezlak, one of Gazlowe's boys. Boss sent me to help the orcs here in Durotar. Things'd been going good except for the caravans. Can't manage to keep them safe! Makes my job a little harder, you know?The last shipment, which they PROMISED would get through, was snatched by the Dustwind harpies of...where was it...Razorwind Canyon?I gotta have those supplies! Follow the big canyon to the south, you'll find the ravine cut right into the west and east sides of the walls."
"Get Koalbeard! : If we're going to get those oil drilling rights, we need to know what the Alliance is offering. How can we win if we can't do them one better?!Their negotiator, Kravel Koalbeard, is up there talking with one of their khans right now. Why don't you head up and persuade him to hand over the Alliance's proposal?You don't have to kill him... we're not savages! Just rough him up a bit."
"Shipwreck Searching : <Hey handsome, welcome back!  You wouldn't mind running another errand, would you?  I'd be EVER so grateful.../You!  Stop right there> you tramp!  I'm not finished with you yet.;I hear you're headed off to the shore east of here.  The beach is filled with crashed ships, and those ships have gnomish tools in them... tools that I can use.<See you soon, beefcake!/Get cracking> missy!;"
"Margoz : One of our more useful shaman, Margoz, knows more of the Burning Blade's corruption.  He speaks of a cave called Skull Rock in the mountains, just outside Orgrimmar, that shelters a large band of Burning Blade cultists.Before you go to Skull Rock, speak with Margoz.  He is wise and his council is valued.He is camped to the southeast, between the coast and Drygulch Ravine.Follow his advice, but whatever Margoz says, <name>, I still want you to crush those cultists!"
"The Goblin Braintrust : If we could just stop the damned bombing from the goblins' creations we'd be able to launch a counter-offensive to take back Silverwind Refuge!It's been my experience that goblins are either lazy and unproductive, or too productive and end up killing themselves with their own explosives. Unfortunately for us, they're being motivated by the brilliant Chief Bombgineer Sploder.Get up to the Skunkworks on the west side of the refuge and don't come back until you have the Chief Bombgineer's head!"
"The Elder Crone : You have the code. Now all you have to do is head to the eastern section of the Bulwark and free the Elder Crone.Good luck, <name>. Thank you for all you've done."
"The Hermit of Witch Hill : The marsh seems to have a strange effect on humans. Some grow mad simply by living here.Anyone who has ever settled at Swamplight Manor has gone mad in a spectacular way. The latest owner, one ""Swamp Eye"" Jarl, is already showing signs.I don't completely understand what's happening there, you'd have my thanks for looking into it.The manor is at the eastern edge of the swamp. Trek east across Bluefen and past North Point Tower. The manor is in a haunted patch of land called Witch Hill."
"Finding Teronis : A friend of mine from Astranaar, Raene Wolfrunner, asked me to send a scout west to Lake Falathim. Teronis left days ago, just before the Horde attacked.He was searching for an item he thought could slow the furbolg attacks on our people--a rod created by a now-dead, evil wizard.Before he left, he mentioned a gem for the rod. Unfortunately, we know that the lake has been invaded by some evil force.Please, <name>, find my friend."
"The Front Line : Their forces are weakened, their supplies destroyed, and their subleaders are dead. It is time for us to take this fight to their home, and their leader. I'm admittedly still in the dark as to what spurred their sudden aggression, but perhaps we will find some answers on their doorstep.Take this arrow that Balthule prepared and report to Sandrya Moonfall deep in Shatterspear Vale to join the attack. It would be best to secure a ride on one of our nightsabers - going on foot would be dangerous."
"Thazz'ril's Pick : <name>, you are a dependable <race>. Can I count on you for another task?  Some time ago I was surveying the cave to the north for minerals, and I left my favorite pick behind. When I later returned to retrieve it I found the cave was filled with vicious beasts! Will you go into the cave, the Burning Blade Coven, and get my pick?  I left it in a chamber with waterfalls. My pick has a spell on it so you can see it in the dark, so you won't have to worry about finding it... just what's guarding it!"
"Final Delivery : Overlord Krom'gar sends word from the base. You are to get back on the Krom'gar hot air balloon and take it to Cliffwalker Post. From there, the plan is to unleash the payload on the Alliance at Battlescar Valley.You better get going, <name>. It's not wise to keep Krom'gar waiting.Speak to General Grebo when you arrive at your destination. He'll be able to brief you on the next course of action."
"Changing of the Gar'dul : When Bloodhilt arrives, I'd like to - ah - talk in private. Can you accompany me to make sure things stay on the level? This Bloodhilt is a, ah, he's a, he's a loose cannon.<Gar'dul tries to compose himself.>Meet me atop the northern tower and we'll talk with Bloodhilt together."
"Quiet the Cannons : Now it's time to do something about those darn cannons up on the bluffs to the east!If you'd be so kind, hop into your boat and cruise on over to the Southsea Holdfast. Up top you'll see a bunch of cannons firing down on us.Those pirates don't know squat about engineering. It shouldn't be too difficult for you to clog 'em up and make them explode."
"Raging River Ride : Enjoy your cut of the loot, <name>!I hate to share, but business is business. And that double-dealer Nozzlepot is guaranteed a 10% cut of this treasure. Can you deliver this to him at his outpost in the north?He's got a little research station upstream, along the river. If you travel just northeast of town here, Horton Hornblower can give you a free ride on one of his riverboats. Tell him I sent ya!"
"Sludge Beast! : Whatever is lurking around the Sludge Fen, it doesn't appear to be human. Judging from the remains around its tracks, it's also dangerous.You decide to follow the tracks down to the bottom of the lake and look for the creature's resting place."
"Twilight Territory : The demons of the Burning Legion think they can just walk up here and take whatever territory they want.  Sure -- the territory was previously theirs, but that's beside the point.We'll teach them not to cross the Twilight's Hammer.Head to the Gates of Sothann and wipe out the contingent of Horrorguards that roam the area."
"Ancient Suffering : You must be careful when you venture forth. Other spirits are bound to this place, malevolent and hateful ones. They've all suffered so much.None of what they used to be remains, only suffering and a will to live. We will need that will to summon the overlord that keeps me bound here. Please, gather the essence of the spirits, and bring it back to me."
"Flight in the Firelands : <name>, our enemy is using this grotto in the Firelands to prepare an invasion. We're going to hit them hard right where they live.But first, you'll need to get your wings. Flight in the Firelands does not work as it does in the outside world. Something about the dense, superheated air. You'll need some practice!Get a Twilight Firelance from the rack behind me, equip it, then mount one of Aviana's Guardians. Practice flying - flap your wings! Visit a flag placed on the ledge below and return."
"The Great Moongraze Hunt : You're starting to make a name for yourself, <name>. How about trying your hand at hunting?Back on Draenor, our greatest hunters would hunt a beast that resembled the moongraze stag of this region known as a talbuk.If you think yourself draenei enough, go out into the wilds and kill enough stags to fill your pack with meat.You will find them grazing south of Azure Watch. Watch out for their horns!"
"Cindermaul, the Portal Master : Twilight's Hammer is using these corridors, and others like them, to move supplies from the elemental planes up into Azeroth. In order to seal these passages off, we're going to need to know how they're constructed.Find for me the Tome of Openings, used by the elementals to open gates between the planes.Cindermaul the Portal Master should have one. You'll have to kill him. Careful! He's probably got some tricks up his sleeve..."
"A Destiny of Flame and Sorrow : My kind has always been hated for what we do... despised outcasts, accused of corruption beyond redemption.Yet if it was not for a demon hunter, these very woods would be the greatest stronghold of the Burning Legion on Azeroth. I speak of my master, Illidan Stormrage, the ""Betrayer"".See for yourself. See what occured here when Illidan was first freed, and the demonic forces of the dreadlord Tichondrius ruled this forest completely unopposed..."
"Sarkoth : <class>! I thought I would die out here with none to know of it. While I was hunting the scorpids of the Valley, I came across a particularly vicious-looking one. Hurling myself at it, I managed to inflict a massive blow to its claw before it closed around my leg.  I wasn't ready for its stinger though, and it sliced down and into my chest, cutting into my flesh and letting my blood. Please, you must kill the scorpid for me! My honor must be upheld! I fought it up on the plateau to the south."
""
"More Than Expected : Ya definitely more den expected, mon. I'm sure dere's more important stuff we can be usin' ya talents on now. Ya don't need ta hang out with da newbloods no more.Head down to da village to da southeast and make yaself known. Lend a hand here and there and I'm sure ya make yer way up to sometin' more prestigious quick enough."
"Got Lumber? : Kadrak has just received fresh orders for our troops. I hear we're to begin offensive strikes into Ashenvale!I have far too few supplies to support an assault, and my shipment from Orgrimmar has yet to arrive.I am forced to  improvise, and could use your help, <class>.Speak with Kadrak and ask him for the reins to Brutusk. The kodo will take you to the Warsong Labor Camp. Once there, seek out Gorka and ask her to load you up with logs."
"The Twilight Skymaster : Twilight Skymaster Richtofen is at the Twilight Aerie up above and to the southeast. No matter what we do down here, if he's not dealt with, all hope is lost for Highperch.While Heartrazor is too injured to help you with the fight, he can fly you up there. The rest is up to you, <name>.Good luck."
"The Root of the Corruption : You might have dealt with the symptoms of our problem, <name>.  But I've been studying these foul beasts and the eggs are not laid here by them.The stream from the current carries their eggs to the dam, but whatever is laying them will be found upstream.Go northeast, to the river's main source, and deal with the root of the corruption."
"The Road to Darnassus : The road to Darnassus must be kept safe. Corrupted furbolgs from the Gnarlpine tribe have been attacking travelers relentlessly.Important news and commerce travels to and from Darnassus by way of this road daily. We cannot afford to have a rogue band of heathens terrorizing people.Take up arms in the name of the sacred forest, <class>. Their den lies up this northern path. Slay these Gnarlpine ambushers and report back to me."
"More Bits, More Bits! : We need more Aqir samples, $p. As many as you can get your hands on!  I've made some fascinating discoveries already, but there's so much more to learn.  With further study and a bit of good luck, perhaps we can slowly begin to uncover some of their weaknesses."
"The Corruption of the Jadefire : The cleansing of this forest has been a grueling process. For every success we have achieved, a new challenge has arisen.The Jadefire satyr have been a constant nuisance. They seek to corrupt the forest just as we seek to cleanse it. Now, we have taken steps to begin eradicating them from Felwood entirely.Travel to Jadefire Glen to the west and rid the forest of their presence. You'll find the entrance just north of the walls of Deadwood Village; look for their vile banners."
"Dream of a Better Tomorrow : Mr. D is sick, <mister/miss>. Won't you help him? All you have to do is find his hat and batteries and he'll be all better. I'd go get them myself, but I can't leave Mr. D alone!His hat was stolen by the meanies in the Venture Co. over at the water wheel and his batteries are hidden around Windshear Crag. You'll just have to look real hard for those!Would you kindly bring Mr. D's stuff back so he can teach those baddies in the Alliance a lesson?"
"Blacken the Skies : <name>! Give us a hand here, will ya? Gorsch here had a bad experience at the all-you-can-eat seafood joint back in town, and now we're short a pilot.My job was to take out those elven glaive throwers before they cut our air units to ribbons. Hop on this wind rider and take to the skies! One of my bombardier buddies will ride with you and bomb the targets at your command.And hey! Chuck a bomb straight at the night elven command center - the large building south of here, beside the bridge. Glorious!"
"Rite of Wisdom : To gain acceptance amongst the elders of Thunder Bluff you must next complete the Rite of Wisdom.Now that you have passed the Rite of Vision, the ancestral spirits of Red Rocks will give you the blessing of our ancestors. Only those who have drunk from the Water of Seers can gain the blessing.Travel east of Thunder Bluff, to Red Rocks and seek out the Ancestral Spirit, <name>."
"Report to the Denmother : With the goblins scattered and their equipment destroyed, they'll either get the message and leave, or be easy pickings if they choose to stay. We've won here.You've fought as fiercely as any member of the pack, <name>. Return to the Denmother and let her know of our success. I'll be maintaining my watch."
"The Forgotten Pools : Have you felt the tremors, <class>? Something has cleaved this land in two. But we druids can sense other tremors, as well.Life is stirring in lands once dry and lifeless. The oases around the Crossroads are suddenly blooming. I can sense a power leaking its way to the surface, but from where? Is it related to the disaster that shattered the Barrens?We must find the source. Travel to the Forgotten Pools, northwest of the Crossroads. Search its waters for a source of power, then return here."
"Rain of Destruction : Just in time, <class>. The elves have launched another attack!From the guard towers, use the accursed ore to mark targets for Draaka.Her projectiles will strike your target and erupt in fel magic flame, destroying any nearby enemies.There is strong prejudice against the use of demonic magics. Unjustified, but real nonetheless. For this reason, I will transform you into an imp for the duration of the mission to prevent you from being identified."
"Wet Work : Listen carefully, <class>.There are three leaders in this region who are commanding the elves, keeping their focus directed on the lumber camp. Slaying them will certainly cause panic and disarray, hopefully enough for us to successfully complete our mission.While you're at it, bringing down their scouts can only aid our cause."
"Fortune and Glory : We have to keep moving, <name>. It's just a matter of time before those troops get their act together.The coffer should be just beyond these ruins.Stay on your toes. Something tells me this isn't over yet..."
"Firestarter : You are now able to understand the script in which the journal was written.Along the runestone, it is explained that the monument's gemstones were imbued with the power to summon a firestorm.The storm could grow to be a mighty weapon either through sustained worship of Elune, or charged by spiritual energies of the fallen.Looking down upon the newly revealed ghosts of Elune's disciples, you reason that you have neither the time, nor the inclination to worship the goddess of your enemy...."
"Gather the Intelligence : It's me, <name>, Ortell!Don't look directly at the outhouse... you'll give away my position.Everything's going according to plan then?  Excellent!I'm going to need you to obtain some intelligence while you're here.  It might not seem like much to get our hands on a map or a letter, but it may mean saving a hundred lives on our side if we can anticipate our enemy's next move."
"War on the Twilight's Hammer : Make no mistake about this, <name>.  The outcome of this war will determine the very survival of our world as we know it.The Twilight's Hammer has become more powerful than ever with Deathwing's return.  Should they succeed in taking over the World Tree, they might strike a blow from which we will never recover.It is time we beat back the enemy.  It is time we crushed the Twilight's Hammer."
"Return to the Shrine : Aviana's Egg should have arrived safely back at the Shrine. You should go check on it! Choluna should know how to handle this.I'll finish the last of our business here and catch up with you later."
"Tortolla's Triumph : I'll escort the children of Tortolla out of here and seal up this accursed portal.I'll leave it to you to inform Tortolla of our victory. Simply step back through the flamegate. The ancient will be pleased!"
"Where Are the Parts? : I've been waiting on parts for these guns for days! I sent one of my best blastgineers and two dozen miners into the Deep Reaches five days ago for the parts. After not hearing from anybody for three days I began to get a little worried. The Overlord sent two of his best orcs in to see what was going on. We've received no reports since then...Head into the Deep Reaches, directly below this fortress, and find out what's going on! I need parts!"
"Spare Parts Up In Here! : Whew, that was tough. I didn't think we'd make it, <name>. We better get these parts back to Chief Blastgineer Bombgutz. I think I hear the gnome flying machines buzzing outside. We haven't got a minute to lose!"
"Rejoining the Forest : It is time to say goodbye now. You have raised me from a seedling, brief though it was, but now I must rejoin the forest.Take me back to the hill you found me on. There I will set my roots, and grow in the shadow of the ancients that came before me."
"Beginning of the End : Champion, we have acquired a new target. Our scouts in Battlescar Valley report that the night elves are preparing their own weapon of mass destruction and hiding it within an ancient tree. They will never be given the chance to use their weapon against us.You are to escort the bomb to the Sludgewerks for refueling and then to Cliffwalker Post, from which we will detonate the bomb and kill all of our enemies.Go now, <name>. Report to Jibbly Rakit when you arrive at the Sludgewerks."
"The First Step : What you see here is the work of the quilboar, young one. Year after year they have encroached on our village. The great cataclysm finally drove them from their dens to spread like locusts across the land, and now you see the result; my own mother, dead from their savagery.Today, you are of age. Today, you will take up your weapon and fight for the tribe, and avenge the Greatmother. Follow the path to the east, and find my son, Grull. He will lead you in our strike against the quilboar."
"War Dance : Some see our people as gentle giants, or noble savages. They have never seen us fight against our own kind...against betrayers from within.The Grimtotem were offered mercy in exile, and they have scarred their own home to spite us. They will no longer be tolerated in Mulgore.I've already sent our warriors ahead to drive them out through Stonetalon Pass, to the north. You have fought bravely against the Grimtotem, <name>; I ask that you join the battle again. Go, and help deal this final blow."
"Winterwater : I don't want our gambit to fail, <name>. Such a failure would only draw attention to our efforts, giving Umbranse an opportunity to hone his defenses. No, we have to do this right the first time.The Frostwhisper Gorge, to the south, provides us access to powerful ice elementals. The water within these elementals' hulls should amplify the power of your dreamcatcher, ensuring our efforts.Obtain this water, <name>. Then return to our small camp."
"To Track a Thief : Animal tracks surround the wreckage, tracks made by enormous curved claws. They appear to be raptor tracks.Your first instinct is that raptor-riders assaulted the caravan, but the impressions aren't deep and there are no non-animal tracks to be seen.The tracks head northeast of here toward the east side of Thorn Hill. The answer to this mystery must lie in its shadow."
"He Needs Ale! : <Marley grasps the side of your head with a shaking, bloody hand.>Ale... Must... have ale...Ol' Barkerstout from inside. <He coughs.> That should ... do the trick."
"The Prophet's Dying Words : We... are... bound by oath... to protect the scepter of Orsis.Listen, <class>, I don't have much time... left.Find the sacred receptacle... in the southern end of the city.Do not... let it... fall into their... hands..."
"End of the Supply Line : Cho'gall's Twilight Proveditors swear a blood oath that they will get their supplies through to the front, pledging a pound of their own considerable flesh for every pound of supplies they fail to deliver. They would rather die than fail.See to it that they do both."
"Mental Training: Speaking the Truth to Power : You might think you're ready to receive the knowledge we're to impart on you.  But you are not.Think of your mind as a box inside a series of other boxes.Each step of our training will open one of those boxes, until you are ready to achieve direct communion with the elements.Take the Core of Ascension and answer all questions it asks of you, truthfully.  Failing to do so could be... fatal."
"The Push Westward : Our work is done here, <name>.  Against all odds, we stopped the Neferset advance on Nahom.Let us join the forces pushing west, lest they take all the glory for themselves.They must've reached the outskirts of Neferset City by now."
"Close to Tears : Our warriors have observed foul manifestations coming forth from numerous void tears within the surrounding jungle.   They have been but mere weaklings, clearly intended to test our defenses before the real forces arrive.  If we do not deal with this threat now, however, it will only be a matter of time until we are overrun by their fodder.  Find a way to close those portals!"
"The Kurken is Lurkin' : After the crystal storm had subsided, a beast of myth appeared in our village. Brought here by the invading wildkin, this beast, the Kurken, laid waste to our village. Many Stillpine were slain in defense of our lands by this fiend and many have since lost their lives attempting to subdue the beast.In my visions, I have seen one defeat the Kurken. The one must be you, <name>. You are our only hope. Enter Stillpine Hold and slay the Kurken. Bring me his hide as proof of deed."
"A Favorite Treat : I've made a wonderful discovery, <class>. On the uncorrupted part of the island grows a remarkable fruit called the sand pear. They're found near the bottoms of the trees.I've been preparing pies from them, but if I'm not careful, the elekk will start to wander over and steal my fruit. I've taken to gathering enough to share with the animals, but my stores are gone and the craving for pie has returned. Would you be willing to help gather the fruit I need for another batch of pies? I promise I'll share!"
"Grundig Darkcloud, Chieftain of the Grimtotem : The Grimtotem chieftain awaits your arrival, <name>. Take the weapon crates with you and head to Grimtotem Post, south of here.Good luck, <name>. Should anything happen to you I will personally notify your next of kin and let King Wrynn know what you have done for the Alliance."
"Falling to Corruption : The aggression of the Winterfall furbolg has to have its source somewhere. I'd like to get to the bottom of it if I can!I've seen the furbolg in the camps to the north brewing something in a cauldron. They seemed very protective of it... if whatever they're cooking up is what's causing this, I must examine it myself.Find that cauldron if it's still there, and bring me back what's inside!"
"Is Your Oil Running? : Last time we had an oil leak this bad, the oil itself tried to get away!I don't know what does it, maybe all the demon goop floating around here, but when we get a big enough crude leak half of it globs together and tries to run away.That's profit trying to escape! Go run after those oil sludges and bring back their sweet, precious oil!"
"Crisis at Splintertree : There will be no help coming from Splintertree.The elves have launched a major assault on our stronghold there and they have the place surrounded!We must inform Kadrak or die trying!Your kodo has been loaded up with the wood you collected. Let me know when you're ready and we'll charge the enemy lines."
"Making Stumps : As you've been told by now, we are to escort a diplomat from within the besieged lumber camp to safety.As it stands, that's simply impossible. The elves have a thousand arrows trained on the camp's exits.First we must create a diversion - something that will take their eyes off of the camp for a time.My idea is simple. Take this axe and cut down the trees they've been nurturing in the region.When you're through, light the brazier here to speak with me again."
"On to Something : This is remarkable work you've done! Especially for someone who hasn't taken my courses.These tablets provide new information on several subjects.They indicate that these obelisks are part of an enormous ancient mechanism that once kept this whole region masked from the rest of the world.They also depict how to recharge the mechanism, which is where your Shaft of the Stars comes in...Get ready, <name>. We have some history to make!"
"Help Mudsprocket : The Steamwheedle Cartel's new outpost in the southern part of the marsh isn't faring so well. The zeppelin carrying supplies to Mudsprocket crashed, leaving them without vital tools, food, and medical supplies.Follow the road down south and into the marsh's interior. You'll pass by Tabetha's Farm and the Stonemaul Ruins before the road brings you to Mudsprocket. Offer any help you can provide to the town's leadership."
"The Glowing Fruit : Hanging from beneath the fronds of this glowing plant is a large, round fruit.Denalan would want to study this fruit, you are certain."
"To Be Horde... : Stand by me, <name>, and watch as our mighty weapon destroys our enemies!Learn what it means to be Horde!"
"Scavenged : <You discover a cargo manifest on the body, detailing a long list of sundries urgently needed on the front.><A bloody trail in the dirt indicates bodies were dragged south of here, toward the raptor dens.><The raptors may have dragged away the supplies, as well. Retrieving those supplies for Corporal Teegan could help salvage this disaster!>"
"Sunken Treasure : The treasure has been on the sea floor so long that the gems have calcified into thick stone. But the power harnessed in these goggles will allow you to locate them easily.A little gnomish ingenuity goes a long way!So borrow the Goggles of Gem Hunting, <name>, and see if you can collect some of the lost treasure for Captain O'Breen.I'd swim down there myself but...um...well, I have important scientific business to tend to up on the safe, dry land....er, yeah."
"Inoculation : Zhanaa needs our help to salvage parts from the Exodar.  Taerix prepared an inoculum that can be given to the Nestlewood owlkin that live in the area of a lot of the salvage.Just get close to the unaffected ones and use the crystal on them.  Unfortunately, you'll have to kill the others.  You'll find the owlkin at Nestlewood Thicket and Nestlewood Hills to the southeast."
"The Stagnant Oasis : Can what's happening to the south happen here? Judging by what you found at the Forgotten Pools, these oases may be the key. Let's perform an experiment.Here, take these seeds I've collected from the summit here. They are dead and infertile, but carry them down to the Stagnant Oasis just below us. If there is a fissure there, then place the seeds within it... and observe. Report your findings back to Tonga at the Crossroads."
"They Took Our Gnomes : The gnome explosives squad we requested from Tinker Town arrived last week. Just in time to face an assault by the Horde. We lost a lot of soldiers that day. Most of the gnome team was taken as well. Now we're neck deep in Horde, Silverwind Refuge has been lost and we're down a dozen gnomes.I'm begging for your help here, <name>. Travel east to Silverwind Refuge and look for any gnome survivors. They were all carted off by a big, merciless orc named Thundrak. Find him and you'll find our gnomes."
"Theramore Spies : The Horde and Alliance hold an uneasy truce.  Outlying skirmishes and covert actions are taken by one side against the other, and it is our duty to ensure the Horde is on top!Now is the chance to do just that.Alliance infiltrators have taken positions east of Brackenwall Village.  They spy on the village and report our movements to Theramore, which we cannot allow.Hunt down the infiltrators and slay them.  Send a clear message to their superiors that we will not tolerate their spies' presence!"
"Twilight of the Dawn Runner : The ogres here are useful for little more than crude jokes, sour ale, and bouts of headbutting. When my ship, the Dawn Runner, ran aground, those curs from Theramore made off with my cargo and last surviving crewman. I made my way here searching for help, but those good-for-nothing ogres stared blankly at me when I told them my story.I could use the help of a reliable <race> in recovering what remains of my cargo and freeing Ithania from North Point Tower, to the northeast, where they're being held."
"Message for Saurfang : <The Darkspear loyalist opens the package and reads the letter within. As she finishes the note from Thrall, a hint of a fanged smile appears on her face.>Ya should take dis directly to Saurfang inside Orgrimmar. Be sure ta let him know dat de package be from Thrall.Take me raptor. Hurry, little one, dere be no time ta waste!"
"Teldrassil: The Coming Dawn : There is one last moonwell that I would like you to visit.  It is directly south of here, on the shores of the Pools of Arlithrien. Be wary as you seek out the well, and keep your weapons close at hand. I sense a growing corruption from the boughs of southern Teldrassil.When you have the water, I want you to bring it to a familiar face that you'll see at the pools. She wishes to battle the corruption, and has asked for you personally."
"The Captured Scout : I've heard about you, <name>, and the news you brought from the south.  The battle has reached a stalemate.One that I fear is about to be broken by the Firelord's reawakening.That is unless we tip the scales in our favor in some way.There is a scout that was captured by the Twilight's Hammer.  I believe she was in possession of valuable intelligence. Find her in the Twilight camp to the west."
"No Accounting for Taste : <The machine buzzes for a few moments  before Wizbang's voice breaks through.>Interesting! The source of this corruption definitely came from something external--no surprises there--but it appears that in this case they've been eating something foul. A large mammal probably. Most likely a bear.Search the beach for a bear carcass for me. Slightly east of there would make the most sense, on the inland side of the beach. Bring me the sample back at town."
"Arms of the Grimtotems : If the equipment you found at the ruins of the inn belonged to a Grimtotem attack party, there's likely to be more just like it within their camp to the northwest.We haven't been able to gather much information about Blackhoof Village, but judging from the size of the raiding parties, there's a substantial force based there.Do whatever you have to to capture some of their equipment so that we can compare it with your findings from the inn."
"The Darkmist Legacy : I am chained to this place...it takes so much effort just to speak to you. I can barely maintain this shape.I could help you, but please, help me pull myself together first. Once I'm more focused on this plane, I should be able to do it...If I could just leave this tomb, the soil itself outside is full of ancient arcane deposits, laying forgotten for centuries. Could you bring me some?"
"Intercepting the Message : It is good to see you again, <name>. I have a quandary that you might be able to solve.Our agents situated behind Sunhawk lines have reported seeing Sunhawk soldiers parsing an unusual document.Unfortunately, we have been unsuccessful in acquiring a copy of the document for ourselves. I need you to go out in the field and try to recover the document. I am certain that if you apply enough pressure, a Sunhawk agent will turn over the information we seek. I leave the use of force to your discretion."
"Holdout at Hunter's Hill : Honor's Stand may have been lost, but its spirit was never crushed. Even now survivors are holding out at a point called ""Hunter's Hill.""Continue following the high road and you will find our camp just up ahead. Speak with Onatay when you get there and let her know the trail is, for the moment, still clear."
"Your Place In The World : Finally, you are of age, <name>... of age to battle in the name of the Horde. To conquer for the glory of the Warchief.  Yes...  <Kaltunk looks you over.>  You will do nicely.  No doubt you wish to find a great dragon or demon and strangle it with your bare hands, but perhaps it would be wise to start on something less... dangerous.  <Kaltunk laughs.>  Report to Gornek, he should be able to assign a task better suited to a young <class>. You will find him seated at the fire behind me."
"Management Material : Truun needs wood, huh? Normally I could provide, but not today.With constant elf attacks, gathering lumber is dangerous work. The peons I have left are reluctant to venture into the woods.You want wood? Then you go convince the peons to work.And keep them safe! I cannot afford to lose any more!"
"From Bad to Worse : After their ship crashed, evil creatures swept up from the sea to pick through the wreckage. Our aid may seem but a drop in the pond at the thought of the misfortune they've faced today.Defeat their tormentors. These people desperately need our help."
"Together Again : We saw to it that the brave was healed and re-equipped. I already sent him back into the field.Head back up and go to Darkcloud Pinnacle. He'll meet you there."
"Club Foote : All this new friction between the Alliance and the Horde was leading to windfall profits, until Rear Admiral Hartley sailed into MY harbor and started poking his prow into my business. He's been searching and seizing vessels flying horde colors with the goal of depriving them use of a neutral port.I'm not about to allow some fat-fingered human to cut into my profits! Get me the schematics of his flagship. Hartley's Chief Engineer is soaking himself at the Broken Keel Tavern just up the hill..."
"The Call of Kalimdor : Say, you haven't seen a fish about this long?  Short fins?  Responds to the name Steve?  He's blue?Never mind, I'll keep looking.Actually... there was another reason I came here to Booty Bay.  Boss Krog, over in Dustwallow, is looking for new blood.  Someone to help us Stonemaul from getting overrun.  You look strong enough.Wait on the edge of the pier for the next ship, then ride to Ratchet.  Gazlowe should be able to help you from there.Steve?  Steve!"
"Propaganda War : The deserter agents were doing far more than just chatting up the guards. We've found a number of leaflets the deserters somehow managed to smuggle in on a ship in the docks.The ship used to transport the leaflets is still in Theramore, at the farthest dock. If you can sneak aboard and capture the rest of their propaganda documents, their agents will lose their most powerful tool. Be careful! The ship is manned by seasoned privateers and the cargo is probably being kept in the captain's quarters."
"Fish in a Bucket : I'll reward anyone who makes my life a bit easier... I enjoy doing as little as possible, mon!Below the docks here in Shadowprey Village, I've many shellfish traps.  If you're kind enough to do my work and collect me my shellfish, then I'll reward you with something you want... get my drift mon?"
"Disturbing Connections : The letter from Garrosh Hellscream makes clear the suspicions that were raised during the offensive on the Shatterspear. The presence of forsaken at the tower ruins and horde supplies and enforcers at the Shatterspear War Camp were only the start. Garrosh himself contacted the Shatterspear to spur their offensive towards Lor'danel, and it seems clear that he fully intends to push from the south as well.Glynda Nal'Shea will need this information if the night elves are to be prepared."
"Disassembly : We have to stop these juggernauts before they're completely encased in armor. Right now they're vulnerable, but only if we pry aside the plates and hack at the marred flesh beneath.Take my shiv, and jam it between the plates of armored juggernauts to deprive them of their armor.Once they break from their trance, you're in for a tough fight - keep prying loose that armor and stop those juggernauts!"
"See the Invisible : Yeah, yeah, your stuck-up mage friend there hit it on the nose. The imps over at Shadowlurk Ridge are hiding the key to the satyr's barrier in the nether. It's right there, but you can't see it or touch it unless you're shifted.I guess you're out of luck though, because only imps can phase shift! So you should just close your eyes, turn around, and let me go...It was just a joke! Don't hurt me! I'll need slime from the cursed oozes around these ruins. Bring me enough to cover you from head to toe!"
"The Third Flamegate : Memorize the glyph.Take it within yourself.Draw it on the ground before the flamegate.East of here.Enter the Firelands.I cannot come with you.But my children await. Inside.Find Garunda Mountainpeak within the realm of flame."
"Seeking Soil : <The tiny sproutling shuffles around, motioning you towards the south. You can barely hear a faint voice.>Soil...<It looks like it wants fresh soil. Maybe you should guide it to some of the richer-looking patches.>"
"Scalding Signs : The cauldron looked like it contained concentrated material. If the Winterfall are diluting this stuff directly in the springs, contamination could build up over time... and then the dilution would be less and less effective.The spring to the northeast has boiled over with elementals. I thought it was because of the cataclysm, but their appearance could be a reaction to this.Could you check them for corruption? Hunt a few and bring me any bits of green foreign material they leave behind."
"Rite of Vision : Again, be sure you are ready to leave Bloodhoof Village behind, <name>. The next step on your journey will take you far from here.Your path continues to lead onward, across the fields of Mulgore, the eyes of the Earth Mother on you at all times. When you are ready, consume the waters near the tribal fire. Once you have ingested the holy waters, your eyes will be opened, and the spirits will guide you."
"Seril's Boast : Brutes and amateurs.It doesn't matter how sharp or heavy your weapon is if all it's good for is hacking like an ogre. I could go on and on about finesse and speed and balance and control... but it's easier to one-up these fools.Tell Deez we've got one more order for him. I need a block of ice."
"Trailing the Spiritspeaker : I have heard tales of Umbranse, though I have not ever met him in person. Rumor has it that he's been collecting magical artifacts, though for what purpose, I couldn't say.Best pass this information on to a trusted ally. Nymn, the high elf, can be found within Everlook, the large goblin town to the northeast. Tell him all that we learned today."
"Where's Synge? : Hey, <name>, you haven't seen our gunsmith, Synge, have you?I just know that the pirates captured him! He said that he was going to try to sell them some rifles, or something.Would you please look for him up at the Southsea Holdfast to the east? I'll bet that no-good gnome he's always traveling with, Wizzle Brassbolts, got him into trouble!"
"Mudrock Soup and Bugs : I'm working on a dish I call ""Mudrock Soup and Bugs.""  I still need the major ingredients, and... well, I don't think I'd last long trudging through Dustwallow Marsh!So, <name>, can you do some hunting for me?  First, I need the tongues of Mudrock turtles.  You can find Mudrocks along the coast, mostly around the bay.But I don't want just any tongues!  I hear that the tongues of some Mudrocks are forked...They say the forked tongues have a distinct flavor, and I want that flavor in my dish..."
"Mor'shan Caravan Pick-Up : The battle in Ashenvale rages on without relent. Our forces at the Mor'shan Ramparts are in desperate need of reinforcements and supplies.We have a major shipment of medicines and food headed north, and I need a capable <class> like you to guard it.Rocco Whipshank waits for you at the road north out of the Crossroads. Let him know you are ready to accompany the caravan."
"Friend of a Friend : I need to unpack and look around the area a bit. In the meantime, I have an old friend I'd like you to meet.Sullah and I go way back. He's a man who can be trusted, and that's pretty rare these days.Why don't you go on over and introduce yourself."
"A Time to Reap : No one knows better than the Cenarion Circle that this lush oasis could dry up as quickly as it appeared.We must take care not to interfere with the processes taking place here, but to support and preserve them,A new species of plant, very plentiful in the surrounding region, has appeared since the great change.Collect samples of these for me, that I might study them and learn what they have to teach us,"
"Delivery Device : As fate would have it, there's a special deed that needs doing - one that will benefit the Cenarion Circle as well as myself.You see, <class>, I am under pressure to create a special... concoction, shall we say. I believe my work to be complete, but I need to have it tested to be certain.The target of this test is to be the naga, who threaten this region from the west. Their demise would surely aid the Circle.First though, I need a delivery device. Hollow horns from the dying kodo should do nicely."
"Forces of Nature: Mountain Giants : The mountain giants are our most powerful allies of the forest. They're carved from the land itself.Not many of our enemies are willing to fight off a walking hillside. It only takes a few of these to turn the tide of a battle completely.The mountain giants here have been afflicted by some illness lately, but I've seen a healthy group of them to the southwest."
"Elune's Fire : We need special flame for ritual.  We need Elune's fire.Horoo's spirit wanders east of here.  Horoo carries torch of Elune.  Bring here so spirits rest.Aroom thanks you."
"A Plea From Beyond : <You can't make sense of the spirit's urgent plea, but maybe Choluna can decipher what's going on here.><Speak with Choluna back inside the shrine!>"
"Dangers of the Windfury : Thank you for taking the time to speak to me, <name>. I am Ruul, warrior and teacher.You have obviously reached an age when you must prepare for your trials if you are to adventure much further out of Mulgore.If you wish a test of your strength, start by seeking out the Windfury harpies to the southeast. They nestle along the mountain's edges away from the road.They are one of our natural enemies here in Mulgore and will be a good gauge of your skill."
"Warchief's Command: Azshara! : All able-bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Ag'tor Bloodfist at the Orgrimmar Rear Gate in Azshara.Aid in driving back the encroaching Alliance forces and assist in securing Azshara for the glory of the Horde!Depart Orgrimmar through its northern gate to reach the Orgrimmar Rear Gate in Azshara.Destiny calls!"
"Ancient Weapons : Though we aren't formally at war yet, the Neferset do not hesitate to imprison or kill all who trespass upon their territories.King Phaoris refuses to reciprocate, even when they use our lands to smuggle stolen relics from the tombs of our ancestors.My scouts report that the Neferset are about to move a major shipment of looted weapons south of here.I've instructed the laborers you recruited to assist you.  Call upon them with this horn when you find the smugglers and recover the weapons."
"Jarl Needs a Blade : I have cutting to do.  I can't tell you what I'm going to cut, but... I need myself a blade.  A certain blade...Some people call it a sword.  I call it a swing blade.You help me?  Those fish-men, you know, murlocs or whatever they're called.... There's one they call Razorspine, carries a big sword, lives north of here near the beach. That's the sword I need!But don't sleep on this.  What I'm cutting won't keep forever..."
"Agents of Destruction : The Warsong Lumber Camp is a blight upon an embattled landscape. Every time we make progress in halting their operations, Overseer Gorthak orders his loggers to redouble their efforts!Now, the orcs are cutting more wood than they can possibly use, leaving it to rot while their blades bite into fresh trees! This is an affront to all we stand for, <name>, and we will show them that we'll not suffer further destruction of our lands!Go, and do not rest until Overseer Gorthak and his minions are dead!"
"Oh, It's Real : Yes, Tethyr is certainly real, and he lives in the waters off Theramore.Has a thing for bright lights. He's the reason they shut down the lighthouse in the first place, you know...And if you light it up again, he'll come right back. But no one in their right mind would do that.So that must be your plan! It's been good sharing a drink with you, but don't blame ol' Nat if Tethyr REALLY turns you into fish bait. If you're going to do this, make sure you consult Major Mills at the Theramore docks."
"Going Deep : I have fashioned a charm that will allow you to infiltrate the naga, giving you the appearance of one of their own.With this disguise, you will be able to speak and understand their language. They will be unable to discern your true identity.But beware! The sharks and other sea creatures here will expose you for all to see. Avoid them at all costs.Now go. Speak to the Priestess of Azshara and do what you must to learn of their purposes here."
"Might of the Firelord : I've been charged with leading our military operations against the enemy.  A humbling task when you consider there are demigods walking among us.I'm going to have you carry out a series of hit-and-run attacks behind enemy lines.  It will be important that you keep the enemy off guard and weaken their numbers ahead of our main force's attack.Your first target will be the Ascendant's Rise, where the most highly trained Twilight's Hammer devotees have achieved a partial elemental state."
"Coming of Age : You have survived the wilds of our new home and shown yourself a cut above the others. I believe that you have come of age to assist those battling on the front lines of Bloodmyst. The Hand of Argus could use a <race> like you. Report to Torallius the Pack Handler. You will find him outside the Exodar, tending to the elekk. Give him these orders so that he may direct you towards your new duties on Bloodmyst."
"Segmentation Fault: Core Dumped : Once we flush the central reactor, I need you to return the core to me. It's 100% refined azsharite crystal, which is both powerful and dangerous. And lovely. Oh precious azsharite, the shaper of worlds to come!The giant lever to your left will dump the core and send it to me via the rail system. The core will be superheated, so you'll need to periodically douse it with the Fireliminator on the way here... don't let it reach critical temperature!"
"Match the Hatch : Don't fret, I'm sure no ill will become of hatching this creature. After all, the aqir can't be born evil, can they?  Of course, we have no idea how to take care of such an egg. I will need you to do some investigating.  Head back to the aqir hives and see if you can find any other, similar eggs. If we can observe how they're being treated, we might be able to apply those learnings here."
"Alliance Attack Plans : <You pry the note loose from Fuzzwhistle's hand.>They're onto us! They know all about the bomb. Planning an attack on Krom'gar Fortress! I think they sent a search party after me. Won't go out like a chump. They'll get a fight.I think I hear them coming now! Their leader is a high elf huntress named Davinia. She spoke of attack plans. Avenge me by killing her and getting those plans! Her tent is nearby, to the east.Hellscream's eyes are upon you..."
"The Balance of Nature : Greetings, <name>. I am Ilthalaine. My purpose in Shadowglen is to train young <class>s like you and to ensure that the balance of nature is maintained.The spring rains were particularly heavy this year, causing some of the forest's beasts to flourish while others suffered. Unfortunately, the nightsaber numbers grew too large, and they will devastate the other populations if they are not culled.Journey forth, young <class>, and thin saber populations so that nature's harmony will be preserved."
"Signs of Things to Come : I will pursue the trail of the Gnarlpine and track this corruption to its source. If you ever encounter Athridas Bearmantle in Dolanaar, he knows intimately of the problems that plague this forest, and he can direct you on how to help further.I'm sure we will meet again with time. Perhaps you can aid me in dealing with the source of this corruption once I locate it. For now, I will take you back to Dentaria so that you may finish your training. Thank you for all that you have done, <name>."
"Warriors' Redemption : Those that surrendered when Honor's Stand fell are no longer worthy of our Horde, <class>. But I'm not giving up on them yet. The prison tower below us is lightly guarded. Let's give those prisoners one final chance to die with honor.I've set up ropes that will allow you to quickly clamber up and down the mountain. Slip down, acquire the confiscated weapons, and re-arm the prisoners inside the tower.And <name>, stay by the tower! We're not yet equipped for an assault on the base proper."
"Profitability Scouting : Things seem to be quieting down a bit. Gallywix will probably keep forking out cash to keep us posted here, but I have a feeling we might be able to milk a bit more out of the deal.Naga and Sea Giants aren't normally friends, so the naga must be controlling them somehow. Take this stealth field generator, get in those ruins, and let me know if you find something that looks really pricey."
"Maul 'Em With Kindness : Okay, babe, listen up. There's two ways to get people to do what you want. You can provide goods, services, and things people want...or you can beat the living daylights out of them.I've often found it's useful to do both at the same time, and you're pretty familiar with both methods by now. Take these little silithid treats, go and beat some ogres dizzy, and then give them the treat before you knock them completely dead, 'kay?"
"The Twilight Lexicon : The Twilight's Hammer are not kind to those that leave their ranks.  They hunt me to this day like I'm some sort of beast!  Needless to say, an enemy of theirs is a friend of mine!To decipher this Tablet I'll need the book used by their scribes to encode secret messages: the Twilight Lexicon.  It's such an important tool that they keep its three chapters in different locations!  The officers entrusted with the Lexicon are known as Twilight Keepers.  Look for them at the Twilight's Hammer camps."
"Captain Dreadbeard : This is getting pretty fun, but let's not forget we're here for Gnomeregan!We spotted the captain of the Southsea over on one of his boats to the south, past where all the fighting is. He's all alone on his little boat, undefended!If you go take care of him, we'll have the rest of these pirates mopped up in no time."
"Arnak Fireblade : The Searing Collars you brought me are powerful demonic implements.  Divining their origin is, I'm afraid, beyond my skills as a shaman.  We will need a warlock to study them.Take a searing collar to Arnak Fireblade.  Although he is a skilled warlock, he professes to use his powers to thwart demons, and claims his research in the occult is benign.  Be that true or false, we may need his aid against the demonic cult in Durotar.You may find Arnak in Orgrimmar in the Cleft of Shadow."
"In the Hands of the Perverse : My former clan, the Felmusk of Night Run, raided Fallen Sky Lake some time ago, stealing the moonstones that were unique to the area.Those moonstones are known to have great healing properties and surely can be used to cure the little girl that lies sick in Astranaar.Night Run rests up the road to the east that runs north. There are multiple paths that lead up into the hills on its eastern side, and it is there that you will find my unrepentant brethren. They will have what you seek."
"Claws of White : Stop, <race>.  I could use the help of a <class> like you.Right outside this camp, there are raptors with deadly claws.  I've been using the claws for druid rituals, but it doesn't seem to be working.  However, I did notice that some of those raptors sometimes have white claws, when most have deathly black ones.The earth works in strange ways.  Maybe you could fetch me some of the white claws, and I'll try one last time?"
""
"Ghost-o-plasm Round Up : There's a valley to the southeast, the Valley of Bones, haunted by Magram ghosts.  Sounds scary, doesn't it?  Well think how scary it is to the Magram!  If we captured ghost energy from that place, I bet it'd be worth plenty to those centaurs.Here, take this crate of ghost magnets.  If you place one between the two big skeletons in the valley, the Dead Goliaths, then ghosts will wander to it.  Distance yourself, take out the ghosts and get their ghost-o-plasm--that's what we'll sell to the Magram."
"Your New Identity : There.  Not my best work, but certainly not my worst.  You will be known as ""<name>damus"" among the cultists.These papers will bump you ahead of the other recruits and allow you to speak directly to the Twilight instructors.Go to the proving grounds and show these to Condenna the Pitiless.  She's separating the wheat from the chaff.Show her what you're made of."
"Nothing a Couple of Melons Won't Fix : The markings on the Sargeron ruins, combined with what you've gleaned from Furien's text make one thing clear:There is something special about the old fountain in the Sanctuary of Elune.It would seem that one could expect special power from washing their face in the fountain. First, of course, there would need to be something in the ancient fountain with which to wash.Pondering this problem, you spot a melonfruit at the base of a nearby tree...."
"Consumed : My first concern right now is for the thistle bear families who call what's left of these woods home. Just to our south, beyond the bear shrine, an entire generation has fallen ill. Gruesomely ill.<name>, I don't know what they're suffering from, but it's consumed them from within. It pains me that a whole generation is beyond saving, but we've got to kill them off so that the earth can reclaim their bodies.More importantly, we need to find the source. Investigate the shallow lake they drink from!"
"Save the Children! : The military will not allow me outside the cellar, but my children are still in my farm!  Please, you must go find them.The Forsaken have no regard for innocent life -- my kids are in great danger!Their names are Cynthia, Ashley and James.  If you find them, bring them back here.  I'll be forever in your debt."
"The Demon Prince : The Jadefire satyr that have overrun so much of Felwood work directly with the Shadow Council.These satyr answer directly to the ancient and powerful Prince Xavalis. Some say he is the son of Xavius, the first satyr, blessed by Sargeras himself.Whatever his nature, he must die if we are to scatter the Jadefire and reclaim our barrow dens. Journey deep into Shadow Hold and slay him. Show him no mercy; he will have none for you."
"Ending Their World : Don't accept this assignment if you value your life. You see that gigantic power core jutting out of the mountain side over yonder? Whoever takes on this burden will need to fight their way through that mountain, battling an army of Sunhawks while protecting me as I rig the core up for demolition. Sironas the eredar is somewhere up there as well.I won't think less of you if you just walk away, <name>.But maybe you're the one - the one to destroy the Vector Coil and take down Sironas. Well, are you?"
"Lion's Pride : If you seek vengeance on our Alliance invaders, you would do well to observe the fiercest of predators in the Barrens.The lions that stalk amongst the tall grass do so with cunning, stealth, and power. Learn from their example and you will understand the kind of war we need to fight.Hunt the plains prowlers and pridemanes, then return to me to discuss what you have learned. You will often find them in the shade of large trees."
"How to Make Meat Fresh Again : I don't believe we've met... I'm Nolen Tacker, Marshal Expeditions' new chief of the guards.  I'm also their chef.  There's actually more overlap than you'd think.I've got a fun little task for you.  Have you seen the spike pits around the perimeter of the camp?  See if you can convince some of the nearby dinosaurs to walk into them.  If you throw this rotten meat at them when they're not looking, it'll either make them hungry or angry.  Either way is fine, as long as they follow you into the pit!"
"To the Hilt! : You immediately recognize this statue from a sketch in Furien's Journal.Though the words associated with the entry elude you, the sketch seems self-explanatory. After battle, the enemies' weapons were to be cast upon the basin in exchange for a divine gift of some sort.As you ponder this ritual, the glint of steel catches your eye from a nearby weapon rack...."
"Medicinal Purpose : I have found that lashers milling about on the island hold restorative medicinal properties in their vines. Through proper treatment, the vines can be broken down into a powerful healing ointment. Unfortunately, with so many injured draenei passing through Azure Watch, we are always in short supply.Our delicate guest was found injured and unconscious by the Crystalbrook only yesterday. If you bring me vines, we may be able to save her.You will find root trappers both south and east of Azure Watch."
"Do Yourself a Favor : So these night elves send out a desperate call for help to us, goes something like this:<Gnombus changes the pitch of his voice to sound like a woman.>""Please come help us! The big, mean Horde has goblins! Oh, we can't handle goblins! They pull our hair and make us cry!""Right, anyway, so here we are.The first thing I did was upgrade their aerial defenses with some of my new sniper guns. Problem is, they don't use guns. Do yourself a favor and lend 'em a hand, eh? Find 'em south of here."
"WANTED: Deathclaw : By order of Harbinger Mikolaas: A bounty of 18 silver to be paid to the brave soul who returns with proof of the marauding bear Deathclaw's demise.Deathclaw should be considered extremely dangerous and is responsible for the killing of a survey team on the coast to the northwest of Blood Watch. Travelers are advised to avoid the area."
"Barrier to Entry : Filthy, good-for-nothin' night elves have managed to disarm our entire minefield in Talondeep Pass. Somebody is gonna have to go back up there and re-arm them all! A perfect task for a worthless grunt like you, <name>. Here's to hopin' you don't blow yourself up in the process.You'll find our ""Elf Killers"" scattered across Talondeep Pass, directly north of here. Take this wrench and get to work, maggot."
"Critters of the Void : Aesom sent my squad out on a reconnaissance mission to search for the sun gate a few days ago. Needless to say, we found it...<Loryi points at Jorli.>Whatever those fool elves are transporting through that portal is causing void energy to be released. The area is teaming with void critters. We must destroy them before they have a chance to grow into void anomalies. You'll find the source of the creatures southwest of here, near the sun gate. Kill them and report back to Aesom when you're done."
"Vile Familiars : I trust the Valley of Trials will teach you much, young <class>.  I was sent to the Valley to guide you, but I have discovered a growing taint here...  One of the Burning Blade - a foul, demon-worshipping cult - has made camp here in the Valley of Trials. He skulks in a cave to the north, and his vile familiars have spilled from its mouth to cause havoc.  As your first task against the Burning Blade, I bid you, defeat these familiars. Slay many and, if you survive, return to me."
"A Bomb Deal : All my workers got driven straight out of the cavern here by those big swamp-lookin' things! Darla's sent me here to pick up the pieces, but have you seen it in there? I ain't goin' in!There's a ton of explosives left behind that we can't just leave layin' around. I'll make you a deal: You run in there and get those explosives gathered up, and I will stay here and not get killed by swamp-things, and if you don't either, I'll pay ya! How's that sound?"
"Into the Clearing : Irontree Clearing must be razed. We can afford no mercy if we want to prevent the goblins from spreading their destruction through the entire forest.Alton Redding, my most trusted protector, has already led much of the pack around the enemy line to strike while they are distracted here. Seek him out to the west, overlooking Irontree Cavern."
"A Cub's Cravings : Your Winterspring cub looks at you and licks its lips. The little cat must be hungry and it's up to you to find a suitable meal for your charge.Rivern Frostwind mentioned keeping some shardtooth bear meat on hand for feeding his frostsaber cubs. Perhaps your cub would enjoy some fresh shardtooth meat of its own. Various kinds of shardtooth bears can be found all over Winterspring."
"Take it up with Tony : This pirate situation is really crimping my operation. Cap'n Garvey is attacking any vessel in sight, even the ones whose owners paid me my bogus ""protection"" money. We need to get these pirates on the take, and fast!I know just the guy, one of Garvey's Lieutenants who's open to wheeling and dealing the Dizzywig way. He's offered to arrange a little 'mutiny' for me. Once we get these guys working for us, it's all gravy, see?Talk to my boy Tony Two-Tusk on Fray Island to the south."
"Stinky's Escape : Great, finally something that doesn't want to eat me!!I need help handling the critters around here, and you fit the mold, <buddy/lady>.A goblin from Ratchet named Mebok Mizzyrix needs some bogbean leaves for a potion, or something... I honestly don't care why -- his money was good and I know this swamp, so here I am.Too bad I got myself surrounded before I found the bogbean!  Can you help me out of here, and watch my back as I look for Mebok's plant?"
"Return to Camp : What do you think, <name>?  Maybe the High Commander will give me a few men to command.Maybe we can marshal a regiment together.  What do you think?"
"A Cure In The Dark : <Some unintelligible speech spews forth from the machine before you make out Wizbang's voice again.>Duskrats! They've been eating the duskrats! Those little buggers only come from one place, a cave against the cliff-face to the east. Find a path up to the northeast and look for an opening under the waterfall.The duskrats there are either getting into something nasty or someone's intentionally spreading some agent through them - in either case, just bring me back several samples of the stuff!"
"Uncommon Core : Our scouts have reported that the Amathet are constructing new titanic watchers.   We had long thought this art was lost to the sands of time. It would appear we were mistaken.  I needn't tell you what a boon it would be to have the aid of watcher constructs in our battles for Uldum. We must unlock the secrets of their construction!  The power of a titanic watcher lies in its core. I ask that you bring one to me, so that our artificers might divine its construction."
"The Wormwing Problem : Skylord Omnuron has been too gentle with the Wormwing harpies. He allows them to share a perch on this mountain just because they're creatures of the air. Well <class>, not all creatures of the air are created equal.When the attacks on Hyjal began, the Wormwing went into a frenzy. They're up there right now, assaulting a sacred shrine they once claimed to revere.I'm not troubled. Now we have a reason to drive them from Hyjal, don't we?"
"Restoring Sanctity : Not long ago, the once tranquil owlkin of the region appeared on the shores of this island. One by one they would come to steal the bones of the fallen dragons. I do not know what would cause these creatures such distress or why they would want the bones of the deceased, but the spirits of the brood have grown restless due to this sacrilege.To the west, across the Crimson Reach, you will find Ragefeather Ridge. Venture to the owlkin encampments and recover the pilfered dragon bones."
"The Sun Gate : Thanks to you and the work you did, my scouts were able to find the sun gate. The elves keep the portal location mobile so that they can move it at a moment's notice. That's why the site you investigated was empty.The strength of such a system is also its greatest weakness. The sun gate is stabilized by portal controllers. If we can take down the controllers, the portal will be ours to destroy. The current sun gate location can be found west of here, south of the Vector Coil. Find it and destroy it!"
"The Fall of Tichondrius : Yes, Illidan took the power of the Skull of Gul'dan for himself.But did he flee with it into the night? Did he use it for his own glory? No... his very first action was to use his new power to assault the dreadlord Tichondrius!Witness his triumph, <class>. Witness how Illidan reclaimed Felwood from the demons... and the thanks he was given."
"Eye for an Eye : This is it, $p. Now is the time to strike.   Take this shredder and destroy their stronghold. Burn everything to the ground!  Show no mercy. They certainly didn't offer any to all of the innocent civilians they slaughtered in Brennadam!"
"The Curse of Zin-Malor : You have seen enough. Know that the Crystal of Zin-Malor brings only ruin to all around it.Leave this place, if you do not wish to join us."
"Mahka's Plea : I can't put him out of my mind, <name>. Sometimes at night, I can hear his howls of rage and suffering, echoing across the plains. To imagine him out there, alone and in such pain...Please, I must ask a favor of you. Go to Mankrik, and tell him to come see me."
"Centaur Bracers : The centaur leadership relies on a core of trusted, disciplined warriors to keep the others in line. If we reduce their numbers, the Kolkar will have no might with which to support their rage. And so, I have a bounty task for you.Around the Lushwater Oasis to the south, slay Kolkar Marauders and Stormseers to collect their bracers. Return when you have a heap of these trophies and the Horde will reward you well."
""
"Fizzled : The flood to the southwest wiped out one of the few Burning Blade camps that still pockmark Durotar.  This one was led by a goblin named Fizzle Darkclaw, and believe me, we're better off without him.Darkclaw, however, did possess an orb that the Horde is interested in procuring.  Who knows why... I leave that to the warlocks.  All I know is that I need that orb."
"Ammo Kerblammo : Hartley must've unloaded all of his ordnance along the beach. Let's pull his teeth out, <name>!Run along the shore and look for his munitions stockpiles. Light 'em up and he'll be land-locked and unarmed while the Bellipotent is repaired.I'll meet you back here in Ratchet."
"Meeting the Orcs : I haven't lost any love for my homeland or its people, as you know. I've fought tooth and nail for Silvermoon to be allowed a place beside Undercity and Orgrimmar at the negotiating table.This should silence any opposition. Take this letter to Saurfang in Orgrimmar. As leader of the orcs, he must have a say in accepting the sin'dorei's pledge.I've added my own seal to the letter as a personal endorsement. Go northwest of the city and board the zeppelin bound for Durotar at the tower."
"Missed Me By Zhat Much! : Okay, <race>! Zhis just got real!Somevone zhinks zhat zhey can get rid of me zhat easily, hmm?Ve shall see about zhat! Nozhink can shtop zhis vork! Nozhink!<Schnottz looks around at the encroaching flames.>Ve should probably get out of here.Huury up! Time is vastink!"
"Rellian Greenspyre : <name>, can you take one of the seeds you brought me to my friend, Rellian Greenspyre?  He is a druid that resides at Wellspring Hovel, and when last we spoke he revealed his interest in my work with the Timberlings. He had some ideas himself, and he will appreciate a specimen seed to work with.Thank you, <name>. I hope that, some day, you will see the fruit of my labors.You will find Wellspring Hovel along the road heading west out of Dolanaar, on the way to Darnassus."
"An Urgent Meeting : I've been looking for you all over Stormwind, <name>.  The captain has delivered her report to the king. It appears that Stormwind requires your service yet again.  The leaders of the Alliance have gathered together for a meeting at Stormwind Keep, and your presence has been requested by King Wrynn himself. I was instructed to find you and deliver the message without delay.  It has been an honor serving with you, <name>. May the Light bless you on your journey."
"Word from Azure Watch : <class>! A couple mutated beasts jumped me and my leg is injured.I was sent on a scouting mission from Azure Watch after we received word from Zhanaa. Please, could you go speak with Caregiver Chellan in my stead? She needs to know how many people to expect in Azure Watch. Just cross the Crystalbrook River here and continue following the road until you get to Azure Watch.Be sure to ask her for a place for yourself to stay in."
"The Prophecy of Velen : The Prophet spoke of this day: That on this island, in this new world, our allies would find us.""We will be tested. They will ask that we pay for the sins of our fathers...""At the time, I did not understand the meaning behind his words, but seeing this creature and her reaction to us, it is now coming into focus. The corruption of our people has been felt even here.Venture south. It is there that we found this being. Find its kin and tell them of our people."
"Search for Survivors : The bugs came from everywhere... There wasn't any time to react.  Many of my friends died where they stood, while others tried to fight with our meager tools.  I'm a coward. I fled in the commotion instead of trying to help.  Now, here I am, out of food and water and too scared to look for survivors.  Please, I beg you to help anyone you find left alive in Orsis..."
"Learning the Language : I think I've cracked it, <name>!<Aurren points to the totem.>All that we need to know about the Stillpine furbolg language is imprinted on their totems. With just a rudimentary understanding of how their symbols work, we can study the totems and learn to communicate with the furbolgs.I've written down the basics of the symbol matrix on this parchment. Study it and then examine the totem. It should lead you to the next language totem.Speak to Arugoo when you return an educated <race>!"
"Murlocs... Why Here? Why Now? : These are dark days, Promised One. Even the murlocs are kicking our tails - literally. Unfortunately, more than just my ego has been bruised.While our relationship with the Siltfin murlocs had always been tenuous, never could we have imagined that they would have the gall to attack us and steal from our food stores! Travel west to the Silting Shore and recover our stolen food-stuffs!And if you see a dark-skinned murloc with a patch of white fur stuck in between his webbed toes..."
"Deliver Them From Evil... : You must get this information to your people, <name>. While your brave acts have certainly slowed down the plans of Kael'thas and his dark master, the attacks will undoubtedly continue.Take the traitor's communication to your leaders. They must see this for themselves. Perhaps they will be able to better understand some of what was written."
"A Quota to Meet : Mountainfoot iron is a brittle alloy, but with the right bribes it meets goblin safety standards. Zignibble here is having trouble on the production end of things, but that doesn't change any of my deadlines. I've got a quota to fill!Head down into the Mountainfoot Strip Mine and gather up any ingots of Mountainfoot iron you find. There should be piles of it smelted and ready for shipment."
"Pro-liberation : I knew these guys would be trouble as soon as we started building this tower. Scoffing our bribes. Stealing our workers.Labor isn't cheap with all the construction in Azshara. I need those men back!"
"Shared Goals : The decree you found made mention of a plan to defeat the Old Gods.   I know that the Amathet aren't likely to work with us toward that goal, but if they have a plan tae take out N'Zoth, it's worthwhile for us tae look at it.  The decree mentions the Engine of Ascension. I think that might be what they call that solar empowering device we saw earlier. We should take a peek underneath and see if we can figure out what they're planning!"
"Vindicator's Rest : I would not ask you to single-handedly bear the burden of destroying the Vector Coil and slaying Sironas, <name>; however, I believe that you can be of some help in clearing the way for others that might take on such a dangerous assignment.Take the road going north out of Blood Watch and follow it until you get to the fork. Once there, take the left road and follow it until you see Vindicator's Rest - it will be slightly west of the road itself. Corin will be waiting for you."
"High Chief Winterfall : The Winterfall furbolg are not a normally aggressive tribe, and this change in their behavior leads me to think that they must be under orders from their chief. We most likely can't undo the damage that has already been done, but if their leader is slain, they may not get any worse.Head east again, past where you found that cauldron. High Chief Winterfall is here, at the easternmost part of Timbermaw Post."
"Terrapination : We need to obtain the object described in this journal, for certain. Extracting it from a chest would be a feasible matter, but the object itself sounds compromised, and unstable. Attempting to forcefully open the chest could be disastrous.Fortunately, we know where the key is...statistically speaking, at least. There's plenty of sea turtles at the east end of this beach. One of them may hold the key."
"Wanted - Deathclasp, Terror of the Sands : The terrible scorpid, Deathclasp, is believed to have retreated to the southern mountain range in the presence of increased silithid activity.  She presents a great threat to patrols and expeditions in the southern regions.  Individuals participating in her destruction will be remunerated handsomely.  Inquire with Captain Vish Kozus, at the top of the Cenarion Hold Watchtower, regarding a reward."
"Mission Improbable : I have a special mission that requires a well equipped, competent <class>. As I have no one else to spare, I suppose I'll have to settle for you...The enemy has assaulted Warsong Lumber Camp and cut it off from the rest of our forces. An important blood elf diplomat en route to Orgrimmar is trapped there.She must be liberated.Take the road northeast and light the smoldering brazier to summon our operative there. Do whatever he might require of you.Dismissed!"
"The Ascended : These shaman have spent their lives dedicated to the path of Air, Water or Fire.  On your request, we will beseech the elements to Ascend them, becoming a powerful, if short lived, force to deploy in this war against the Legion.  The ritual of ascension is not to be requested lightly."
"Shroud of the Makers : It is good to have friends, <class>! While kindness is its own reward, there can be tangible benefits too!Some friends of mine recently intercepted a shipment of Schnottz's plunder and found something that should serve your needs nicely.It's a piece of titan technology that renders the user nearly invisible. If you use it in the enemy camp, you might be able to rewire their explosives and make a mess of their operation.Each charge has a limited duration, so don't stray too far from safety!"
"Daelin's Men : Reddon... Redpath... Ah, here it is! Lieutenant Paval Reethe.Joined the Theramore guard along with most of the recruits that came across the sea with Lady Proudmoore. Enlisted with the marines of Kul Tiras at the age of sixteen. Distinguished service, promotions...Listed as missing."
"Gathering Leather : Greetings, young one.  You have a gleam in your eye; I can tell you are eager to venture back to the plains for the hunt.  May you bring honor to your clan!I work with the skins of beasts, fashioning them into clothes and armor for the people of Thunder Bluff.If you hunt beasts and bring me their skins, then I will fashion something for you."
"Sweeping the Shelf : Wonderful work in the hovel, <name>. I prayed at the shrine while you were away, and in my visions, Goldrinn was watching you closely.But we've been on the defensive too long: it's time to foil the Twilight's Hammer directly.Fly up to the Lightning Ledge and disrupt their operation. Kill the stormcallers and the monstrosities they're preparing to unleash!"
"The Return of Baron Geddon : Ragnaros is not the only powerful elemental that has re-emerged into our world.The dreaded Baron Geddon is leading the onslaught and we must put an end to this rampage.The Flameseer's Staff has proven powerful.  Perhaps it is powerful enough to weaken him to the point where our arch druids can bind him where he stands.Go, <name> and be careful.  Baron Geddon is a vengeful and treacherous being."
"Beasts of the Apocalypse! : My brother and I were hunting in the woods to the east when we were ambushed by strange, insect-like beasts. Such aberrations have never before been seen in Azuremyst! Could they be a sign of the coming apocalypse? The apocalypse that YOU are destined to prevent?If you truly are the Promised One, you will strike the creatures of the apocalypse down... and bring me their hides. From their hides, I can fashion armor of great power!Find them to the east, beyond the road."
"Into the Fray! : For untold generations, the centaur clans have fought against one another, but no more.Because of your deeds, we stand here together fighting a common foe. We shall win our ancestral lands back from these demons, or we shall die as brothers.What of you, <name>?You have earned the right to fight alongside us. I have a group of my best centaurs for you to lead into battle.Will you take up the spear?"
"Even More Fuel for the Zapping : If I bet against my own better judgment and stay to run an engineering shop along the Forgotten Coast, I will need to deal with these pesky elementals.  Curse the powers of elementalism unchecked, I say!Fortunately for me, and now for you my hopeful agent provocateur, the elementals represent an ideal source of raw power for my Ultra-Shrinker refinement - give them the what-for I say!  When doing this though, be sure to save me the water elemental cores!"
"Nolkai's Words : The translation is ready now, <name>.<Anchorite Paetheus points out a block of text at the end of his translation.>'The enemy is nearly upon us. We've gathered up all the survivors and retreated to the temple to the east. It's the last ground we truly hold on the island, and there is a sense among the survivors that we will make our last stand here. I've taken care to bury my last few possessions on the grounds of the temple, with the hope that someone will find them and know what happened here.'"
"The Eye of All Storms : Twilight riders circle the skies above the vortex.  I fear it is their magic that has kept the cataclysmic forces from being contained by our efforts.Take to the skies with Thessera and destroy the riders and the portal from whence they came."
"Commander Jarod Shadowsong : Only once has there been a leader capable of commanding demigods and mortals alike.His name was Jarod Shadowsong and his ability to lead in battle was such that Cenarius and the other ancients placed themselves under his command.He disappeared for years and his whereabouts were unknown.  Until now.He is being held captive inside a Twilight camp in Darkwhisper Gorge.Your job is to infiltrate their ranks and free Jarod.  Speak to the one known as Ortell at Darkwhisper Pass to the southeast."
"Declaration of Power : Have you seen the serpent men? The ones that call themselves naga?<Kessel spits.>They dared make an advance upon this camp under cover of darkness only three nights ago. Can you believe the audacity of those primitive beasts?I need you to deliver a message to their leadership, <name>. To the northeast is Wrathscale Lair, home to Lord Xiz. Find him, slay him where he stands and drive this banner through his corpse.Let them know fear whenever they should see our standard!"
"The Codex of Shadows : <This elaborate book contains hundreds of vellum pages bound within a slate cover. It's written in many languages, most unfamiliar. Carefully inked illustrations depict sorcerers or even entire buildings vanishing into curtains of shadow.><Many illustrations depict magical artifices like those you see around camp. You suspect the dragon Sethria is trying to keep something hidden. Thisalee will want to hear about this!>"
"In Defense of Krom'gar Fortress : There's no time left. Here they come! Take control of a heavy gun and shoot the gnomes out of the sky! If that bomb takes too many hits it will blow, taking us all with it!Defend the base, <name>! You're our only hope!If we somehow make it out of this in one piece, report to Overlord Krom'gar."
"The Turd Problem : We have a little problem...<Jibbly points to the large turds covering the base.>We built the Sludgewerks near a wyvern habitat. Now our initial blueprints for the Sludgewerks were drawn up so as not to disturb the wyvern habitat as the beasts are apparently sacred to tauren and orcs. Do you know what's sacred to me? Not getting pooped on, that's what!Between you, me and the wall, the wyvern must die!"
"Do Me a Favor? : Hello there. Pleased to meet you! I'm Fizzle Brassbolts. Welcome to my Speedbarge.I share your concerns about helping all of Thousand Needles. It's my firm belief that the Speedbarge is the best hope for the entire region.Perhaps you could help us out a little bit here? I'll make sure that you're equipped with what you need to tackle everything else.As to that, if you could just run this list of parts over to Jinky Twizzlefixxit in her shop, you'll be well on your way."
"Repel Boarders! : <name>, the sea is our only lifeline, and right now most of my fleet is either steaming back to Theramore for repairs or rusting at the bottom of this bay. Only the Blackpool remains afloat to defend our harbor.But she's just signaled that she's being boarded!Speak to me when you're ready, I'll have one of our naval gryphons deposit you right on the deck. Slaughter the rageroar sea dogs who dare assault my precious ship and report to Captain Fisher for further orders."
"Altered Beasts : We, the blue dragons, have been forced out of our home, Mazthoril. An impostor by the name of Umbranse has taken advantage of us in our weakest hour, and now occupies the cave.Mazthoril is a place of extremely potent magic, and he does not know how to wield it. Even the wildlife suffers.The beasts nearby have been altered. Please, <race>, I must ask you a favor. Gather their brains, so I can see if I can undo this Umbranse's wild magic."
"The Arcane Storm Within : Mazthoril's innate magic can wreak unimaginable havoc if mishandled. Umbranse's wanton casting within the cavern has opened up a number of tesseracts - in other words, portals - connecting to other worlds. If I am to return to Mazthoril, these tesseracts must be closed.The dreamcatcher will close the portals, buying you safe entrance into Umbranse's lair. First defeat whatever comes out of the tesseracts, then use the dreamcatcher to quickly close them, before anything else spills into this world."
"Loss Reduction : You've got to help us.  The elementals... they're stronger than they look, and they come in waves.  They took us completely by surprise, and we were overcome.Many of my fellow grunts lay dying on the beach.  If you could save them... I would be grateful, as would Gar'Thok back in Razor Hill."
"He Who Would Be Forgiven : <A voice from inside the moonwell flows over your mind, bringing you a perfect sense of peace.>You seek to cure a child, but know that all things come at a cost. To the east lies Raynewood Tower. Standing outside the tower, next to my moonwell, is one who has fallen into corruption.Avrus Illwhisper seeks forgiveness and redemption, <name>. Will you help him to attain that which he desires and in so doing achieve your own goal?"
"Army of the Black Dragon : Mok'Morokk was made Overlord by Rexxar. He care more for power than he care for ogres.Black dragons kill many ogre. Kill Tharg's wife. Mok'Morokk tell us to run. Make us come here.Ogre should fight. Ogres not good at running. Mok'Morokk care only about Mok'Morokk.Me call Stonemaul Ruins home. Me like it in the south. This place not home.Help ogres fight army of the black dragon. Me want revenge. Me want to go home."
"The Doomstone : At the core of Animus is an artifact known as the Doomstone. One of its properties is an ability to absorb a great deal of energy.This is how the cultists are trying to set off the explosion... by overloading the stone and amplifying the power through the elemental.Bring me the Doomstone. For safe keeping, of course."
"Flight to Razor Hill : When you're ready to take the wind rider down to Razor Hill, simply speak with me again. When you get there, waste no time in finding Gar'Thok. He's the one responsible for preparing reports on recent Alliance activity in Durotar."
"The Lost Gem : As you rummage through Teronis' belongings, you find a water-damaged journal.Quickly flipping through the last legible pages, you read that Teronis makes mention of finding the gem, but then of having lost it in the Falathim area.The only thing left to do is find it. Perhaps the tendrils have it...?"
"Translation : It is true that Furien dedicated his last days to a special research project. What that was, he would not share with me.Fortunately, I was able to recover his journal, but it's written in a code that I cannot decipher.Perhaps there is a clue to its translation in the region to the east where he spent his time.Take the journal, <class>, and speak with Narimar when you are ready to investigate this mystery."
"Bad Datas : There should be two titan communication devices in this chamber.If my translations are correct, one is a death trap and the other will accept the codes and activate the obelisk.Let's hope I get this right.Let me know when you're ready."
"Children of Tortolla : My children.They lie below.In silt and sand.The others corrupt them.Darken them within their shells.Slay the others.Destroy the corruptors.Save them..."
"The Land Is in Their Blood : If we're to stabilize the forces of nature, we'll need every little bit of help we can get.  The furbolg of the Blackwood tribe have long inhabited the area and have strong ties to the land.Their elder Shaman, Elder Brownpaw, wields great power over the elements -- his assistance would be invaluable.  See if you can obtain their aid."
"Secrets of the Flame : If we are to banish Ragnaros back into the Firelands, we will need to gain access to Sulfuron Spire.Only the most trusted members of the Twilight's Hammer will have been entrusted with such valuable information.Go search the Ascendant's Rise for any written tomes you might find.  Foul as they are, we cannot waste the opportunity to learn about our enemy's weaknesses."
""
"Cutting a Path : During our mission to reconnoiter the Sunhawks and their portal, I sustained a serious wound. Scout Loryi has managed to staunch the bleeding and she's trying to figure out a way to evacuate me to Blood Watch.The problem is that we'd have to abandon our position here in order to guarantee a safe return.As soon as we leave this consecrated ground, we'll be set upon by ravagers. If you can clear some of the enraged ravagers, it might allow us to make the trip back safely."
"Slap and Cap : Oh for... not again! If you heard the deputy yelling out there, that means we've got a fullblown oil leak on our hands! It's those filthy worgen again!Listen, it's going to be total chaos out there. Sleep-deprived goblins running around screaming and not knowing what to do. I need you to snap the workers back to their senses.A good, swift backhand across the face should do it! Once they shake themselves off, they'll get to work capping those gushers!"
"Hammer Time : The three of us have been arguing for weeks over whose weapons are superior.I won't let anyone tell me my maces are second best. Kilram's axes and Seril's swords could never match the pure strength of my craft.I'm tired of arguing. It's time to show those two I'm right with a demonstration. If you would, dear, head outside and tell Deez Rocksnitch that I need the biggest boulder he can find!"
"The Perfect Horns : I can't make a yeti without horns!I've been looking for what seems like forever for the perfect set of horns... and no horn I find is good enough! But just the other day I saw the biggest yeti in Winterspring.I named him Icewhomp. His horns are the ones I've been looking for! He lurks all the way in the back of the cave along the eastern ridge of Ice Thistle Hills.Bring me his horns... but be sure to check on Echo Three along the way!"
"The Grand Tablet : At the bottom of the chest, you find a large tablet. Made of a material resembling stone, but completely smooth and flawless, it is covered in strange writing.While some resembles the writing on the walls, other scripts appear completely different. Gunstan would probably like to see this."
"Return Fire : The fires are mostly contained, but we have to do something about those wind riders!Quick, <name>, you have to jump into one of our glaive throwers and return fire!"
"In Fungus We Trust : I've cultured these unusual spores you dug up with a most magnificent cocktail of ... reagents ... that I'm fond of. I'm eager to see how my manipulated spores react to the waters of the Crossroads oases.The Stagnant Oasis to the southeast should provide us an uncontaminated site for our experiment. Simply plant this culture in the moist soil anywhere near the oasis, and document the results for me.Be sure to cover your mouth, <class>.<Helbrim grins disarmingly.>"
"Desert Research : The dark blade of Sargeras has cast a shadow of destruction over this land.  It seemed that the silithid hives were destroyed in the attack, but I have received reports that the silithid are returning.  If it were up to me, I'd burn those wretched hives once and for all! However, it is not up to me.  The Dark Lady wants the surviving silithid dissected and studied.   Pixni Rustbomb is conducting the research and is in need of a ""collector."""
"The Evil Dragons of Un'Goro Crater : This crater is filled with a malignant breed of dragon.  Have you seen them?  They wander all about, parading their spiky backs and lizardy faces all around the Crater.Don't let them fool you, squire, for these dragons are no minions of graceful Alexstrasza.  They are clearly vicious, and direly in need of a hero's blade.I have decided that I will slay no less than 15 of them.  As my squire, you must come along.  Should we become separated, you may meet me back here at the Hot Springs."
"Lockdown! : Zhat buildink did not explode by itself!Somevone is tryink to do me in, and you von't rest until I find out who!Shtaht vizh zhe guests. Visit vizh zhem, observe zheir demeanor, and zhen report back to me.If zhey know anyzhink at all, I vill haff zhem interrogated!Dismissed!"
"Sauranok Will Point the Way : I see you haven't yet spoken to the Warchiefs... other... advisor, Sauranok the Mystic. He has been at their side since our campaign together in Northrend.To assault the Twilight Highlands, we're going to need a map of the shoreline. I have tasked Sauranok with digging up this information. See if he can use your assistance!"
"Seek Redemption! : The Council of the Forest has news that you aided Zenn Foulhoof. The satyr is an enemy of the forest. As a <race>, you should know better than to defile the forest by killing Nature's creatures.You must redeem yourself in the eyes of the Council if you wish to remain a friend of Teldrassil.Teach Foulhoof a lesson and you shall be redeemed. Fel Cones are corrupted seeds that fall from the trees. They billow with green smoke.Give some to Foulhoof. He'll think you have brought him a harmless snack."
"The Lost Report : Sifting through the loose dirt, the severed hand of an orc is found.  And clutched in the hand is a bone-carved tube.  And in the tube is a dirt-stained parchment.The parchment is a report made by an orc who spent weeks spying on the city of Theramore.After scanning the parchment, it is clear that it must be brought to the orc spymaster in Brackenwall Village."
"A Grim Connection : I've spoken with Inspector Tarem regarding the evidence you gathered from the ruins of the Shady Rest Inn. He seems certain that the hoofprints and the shield you found there point to the Grimtotem clan of tauren.With reports of Grimtotem activity on the rise in the marsh, this has to be more than a mere coincidence. I'm sending you to speak with Captain Darill, who is something of an expert on the Grimtotems. Follow the road north out of town to North Point tower. It's the second outpost on the road."
"Smashing Through Ashes : <name>, these fiends from the Twilight's Hammer are attempting to scourge this whole mountain clean of all life. Even now they trail behind this inferno, leaving death and ash in their wake.Arch Druid Hamuul Runetotem is behind the fires, trying to salvage the wilderness before it's blotted permanently from the map. Travel southeast, through The Inferno and down the road beyond. Find and aid the Arch Druid.On your way there, clear the roads by killing any Charbringers that you find."
"A Hearty Thanks! : You saved my life, <name>! Thank you so much! That beast would have torn me to shreds if it weren't for you.If you see the exarch at Azure Watch, tell him of what you did. I'm sure he'll be pleased to hear such news!"
"Encased in Amber : You know who would probably know a lot about how to properly incubate this egg? The mantid!  Of course, they're too busy trying to kill us to share their expertise, but there might be another way to benefit from their knowledge!  Perhaps we could repurpose one of their incubation chambers. That could help speed up this process, I'm sure!  If you could find and mark one for me, I could airlift it out of there."
"The Bloodcurse Legacy : Dear friend,My hand trembles as I ink this letter. I pray that it reaches you in time.Last night, Edward Hanes, captain of the ship 'Lost Hope', appeared before me in my tent. The same Edward Hanes that died of scurvy 20 years ago.This apparition told me a tale that made my heart tremble. A tale that I need you to hear and a mission that I need you to accomplish. Will you do it? Will you seek out Edward on Wyrmscar Island, northeast of your base?Regards,Admiral Odesyus"
"Naga In Our Midst : The creature appears to have had its skull broken in a fight with Aros.  It looks like what you've heard described as a naga before.It is said that despite their monstrous features, naga are night elves warped by the arcane magic of Queen Azshara.It seems they've decided to stop you from obtaining the horn of the ancients."
"Da Voodoo: Stormer Heart : With voodoo, our troops might have a chance at beating back the Grimtotem assault. With that said, I need several ingredients if I am to invoke black magic.The first ingredient on my list is a heart from a cliff stormer. The beasts have nearly been hunted to extinction, but a few still exist around these parts. Find one and recover its beating heart!"
"Sowing a Solution : Based on what you've brought me, I think we may have a solution. I've imbued the lashvine seeds with healing energies.Simple contact with these should imbue the creatures here with enough energy to force out the corrupted influence.Go and attempt to heal the mutated raptors and plainstriders by sprinkling the seeds on them, and report the results back to me."
"Warchief's Command: Winterspring! : All able-bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Donova Snowden at Frostfire Hot Springs. Her discoveries about the Winterfall furbolg may be the key to dealing with this threat once and for all.To reach the Frostfire Hot Springs in Winterspring, you must travel east from northern Felwood and traverse Timbermaw Hold.Destiny calls!"
"Hero's Call: Felwood! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Tenell Leafrunner at the Emerald Sanctuary.His order requires your help to redeem Felwood from the demonic influences that rule the forest. Head north from Ashenvale and follow the road into Felwood until you reach the Emerald Sanctuary.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Marching On Our Stomachs : It's true what they say: An army marches on its stomach. And we've been marching a long way.I'm thinking if we barbecue up a few of those giant lumbering stormsnouts, we'll have enough meat to feed us for weeks.Stormsnouts are big and slow, so they should be easy to kill. Except... Hey you're not carrying any metal on you are you?"
"Culling the Furbolg Threat : Directly to the north of Astranaar are the Thistlefur furbolg. My scouts report that their numbers have grown greatly over the past few months. If they grow too great, they may find the courage to attack Astranaar directly!Go to Thistlefur Village and kill as many of their kind as you can.I shall remain here in Astranaar and await word from you. Elune be with you, <class>."
"Grimtotem in the Post : You must do away with the Grimtotem invaders at Freewind Post. They brought it on themselves, the cowards!We can't take the fight to their territory with our back to them. Please help us take back our home, <class>."
"Return to Samophlanger : Well, that didn't work. The structural integrity of the samophlange is at an all-time low. I could add some more dials to try and fix it, but...that might make things even worse.Look what I discovered when I blocked the release valve and blew the cover off the differential casing, though: the personal stamp of ""Boss Copperplug.""Take this back to Sputtervalve and tell him to find this Copperplug genius. When you're done here, just talk to me and I'll send you back using Brak's teleporter."
"Grimtotem Chiefs: Grundig Darkcloud : One of the most accomplished Grimtotem leaders of the Stonetalon Mountains has returned home.We must make the most of this chance and put an end to his campaign of terror once and for all."
"Captain Vimes : Captain Vimes should see the orc report you found, <name>.  He knows the orcish language better than most.  And he should know that there are Horde spies near Theramore!The captain is in the barracks, on the northeastern side of Theramore Isle."
"Spirit of the Stag : In these woods reside three great spirits, that of the Stag, that of the Thistle Bear, and that of the Moonstalker. These spirits make powerful allies, but you can only align yourself with one of them.If you wish to align yourself with the Great Stag Spirit, take this incense to the woods just north of Bashal'Aran. Meditate before the great spirit while burning the incense on the ground between you, and face his trial to earn his blessing. Should you succeed, return to me."
"Rumble in the Lumber... Mill : Prepare yourself, <name>! The Warlord comes! Kill him and take his key. Use the key to release me.Should we make it out of here, report the following to Lord Fallowmere at Windshear Hold:The Horde has aborted their plans to destroy Windshear Hold due to the efforts of one of our heroes. They now plan to move the bomb to Battlescar Valley and drop it on our armies battling the Horde at that location.They must be stopped!"
"The Keystone Shard : The air around this strange stone crackles with energy. The stone itself is smooth and icy cold. It pulses periodically as you run your hands over it, like the crashing of surf.A wedge-shaped piece appears to be missing from the top surface of the artifact. This 'keystone shard' is likely the key to unlocking the secrets of the stone. Search the grounds near the temple and locate the keystone shard."
"Another Warm Body : Oh have I got a deal for you! Immerse yourself in foreign cultures, go on epic adventures, blow things up, and get paid to do it! Sound too good to be true? Well it's not - this is what we do!If you're interested, head over to Gallywix Defense Post on Forlorn Ridge to the north and look for Commander Molotov."
"Tides of War : Champion!  An urgent War Council is underway. Your presence is requested in Stormwind Keep."
"In the Blink of an Eye : <The entity speaks with the familiar voice of Archmage Khadgar.>Azeroth needs you, <name>!After scouring Ulduar and Karazhan for answers, we know the key to defeating the Legion: five ancient artifacts called the Pillars of Creation.To find them, Dalaran must be moved to the Broken Isles. As our leader Jaina is... absent, Kalecgos of the blue dragonflight has offered the Kirin Tor his aid.The Legion is assaulting our current position over Deadwind Pass. Hurry!"
"The Nation of Kul Tiras : Kul Tiras is the greatest naval power on Azeroth, and a former member of the Alliance. But we've had little contact with them since Jaina's father, Lord Admiral Daelin Proudmoore, was killed at Theramore.  Many have said that Jaina believed so deeply in the promise of peace between the Alliance and Horde that she betrayed her own father on that day. Perhaps she feels it is time to put the past to rest.  Loathe as I am to put Jaina at risk... Kul Tiras must rejoin the Alliance.  Light be with you."
"Call of Duty : Citizen!As you may have heard, the Horde's attacking just offshore. The fighting's been fierce and relentless.We need every able body out there repelling the enemy!Report to the northernmost dock at once for transport to the battle.Oh, and our official warships are... err, a bit late in their scheduled return. Don't worry though, we've commissioned mercenary vessels to serve in the meantime.Hurry along now, <class>. Stormwind needs you!"
"The King's Command : Greetings, <class>.I have been asked to assemble a team for a high priority mission.Please come to Stormwind Keep immediately for a briefing with King Varian Wrynn. I will be waiting in the King's war room."
"Warchief's Command: Twilight Highlands! : All able-bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to High Overlord Saurfang in Grommash Hold.High Overlord Saurfang requires your help to prepare for the glorious assault on the Twilight Highlands and our dual enemies, the Alliance and Twilight's Hammer.Meet with him in Grommash Hold at the center of Orgrimmar's Valley of Strength.Destiny calls!"
"CLUCK! : ""Cluck... cluck... cluck... BACAW!Cluck... cluck... cluck.""The chicken looks up at you and then starts to scratch its claws into the ground. You think it is spelling out a word, but you are not sure what it is. Could it be... S-A-L-D-E-A-N? Before you can ask, the chicken turns away and goes about its business."
"Devoured : We knew this was a possibility, but we had no idea how the beast would defend itself. Iso'rath's body is reacting quickly to our threat.I can complete the summoning from here, but only if you can hold back Iso'rath's defenses. Keep them busy! We will survive this!"
"The Final Voyage of the Brashtide : We'll never survive this attack with all these worgen pirates pouring into the harbor from the north.  Luckily, it looks like they're not armed with cannons, so if we can get you out of the harbor, you can attack from the skies.Kebok, the Horde flight master's assistant, is right around the corner.  Talk to him and let him know that you're going to need his bravest wind rider.Bring a couple armloads of handbombs with you.  You'll need all of them to stop those attack boats!"
"Looks Like a Tauren Pirate to Me : Firallon wants MY head?  Now that's interesting.  But it's nothing we can't work around.This Yancey character probably doesn't know my face too well.  Most non-tauren find us tauren indistinguishable from one another.  In fact... most non-tauren find us indistinguishable from... a certain four-legged farm creature.Rikqiz the leatherworker keeps one of these creatures here in Booty Bay, and Narkk is my chief supplier for pirate hats.  Get a replacement head and a hat, then return with both."
"Learn to Ride in the Eversong Woods : This pamphlet advertising riding training and mount purchases was sent from Perascamin.Perascamin can be found at Thuron's Livery, southeast of the Shepherd's Gate leaving Silvermoon City."
"A New Master... But Who? : You've arrived just in time.Here's the skinny: the Dark Iron dwarves in the gorge have been acting strangely, and the Thorium Brotherhood intends to find out why.  Overseer Oilfist doesn't like surprises.We suspect that they're following orders from some new leader.  I have reason to believe that Gravius Grimesilt, just south of here, knows who it is.Even here in Searing Gorge, we've begun to hear tales of your exploits, <name>.  You should have no problem with Grimesilt."
"Nespirah : It is clear to me at this point what must be done, <name>.The naga can only be obtaining these pearls from one place: Nespirah, the ancient, shelled creature that rests outside of this cave.  Why Nespirah would submit to the naga, however, is beyond my understanding.We can enter Nespirah's body cavity through a small tube near the exit to this cave.  I must first fetch my master, then we can meet you on the inside.  We will convene in Nespirah's northwestern entrance."
"Turning the Brashtide : The Brashtide are everywhere!  The Baron's Booty Bay Bruisers are no match for their sheer numbers, I'm afraid.While you're down here in the fray, why don't you help me get rid of a few of them?When you're done, don't bother coming back here.  I'll probably be pretty busy."
"Troll Juju : The corpses of trolls buried inside the Amani Catacombs have been rising from the dead! I want you to go there and bring back proof of their final demise. Some of these mummy trolls, and their living counterparts, carry juju; glowing objects that house an unknown power source.  It's probably what is animating them!The catacombs lie within Sungraze Peak, directly to the east. I am told that the easiest way in lies on the north face of the mountain. See to it, <class>!"
"Fuel-ology 101 : How much do you know about fuel, <name>?  Constructing the perfect fuel is a tricky job, as there's plenty of factors to balance: chrono-pyroxidation parameters, tempero-incendiary variables, conflagrational siltification criteria... and that's only naming a few.Hopefully the samples you brought me can be combined in the right proportions to create... the perfect bio-fuel.  Use that table over there and try combining some samples!  Bring the result to me when you're done."
"Hero's Call: Vashj'ir! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Recruiter Burns in Stormwind Harbor.Recent attacks by the Horde on our trade ships must be met with swift and just force!Stormwind Harbor can be found in the northwest region of Stormwind City.For the glory and honor of the Alliance! Fight on, <brother/sister>!"
""
"Warchief's Command: Vashj'ir! : All able-bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Commander Thorak at Bladefist Bay in Durotar.Now, more than ever, your help is needed in battling our most hated enemy, the Alliance!To reach Bladefist Bay you must travel south through the main gates of Orgrimmar and enter Durotar. From there, follow the path east to the coast. Thorak will be standing at his post near the docks.Onward, <brother/sister>! Destiny calls!"
"Belmont's Report : <Belmont hands you a sealed envelope.>Deliver this report to Lady Sylvanas Windrunner. It is my assessment of the situation in Silverpine based upon your and Yorick's field work.If we do not stamp out the worgen insurgents, they will overrun us. The time to act is now!"
"Prisoners of War : The Bravo Company field kit is ready, <name>. I'm gonna equip you with it and you're gonna enter Render's Valley, southeast of here, and free our P.O.W.s.  I'm sending Jorgensen with you to watch your back.Now the prisoners are being held on the northeast side of the valley in a large cage, but the key to the cage is in a cave on the south side of the valley. You'll have to steal the key, create a distraction, and free the citizens.Good luck, <name>! I'll be in touch through the field kit."
"An Old Sea Dog : This old, weathered coin was found on the body of the pirate ""Good-Boy"" Bruce.  Its front side bears the image of a large, unfamiliar pirate ship; on its back side, the term ""Brashtide Crew"".Someone who has been in the piracy business for some time might know what this coin is, or what it means."
"The Perenolde Tiara : The Perenolde Tiara is an old heirloom of the Perenolde ""nobles"" - the ruling family of Alterac before that kingdom fell to ruin.  It is said to have been crafted by master jewelers in Ironforge, and fitted with the finest of emeralds.When Alterac was destroyed the Tiara was lost, but there are rumors that an Ogre Mage, Grel'borg the Miser, found the tiara and now wanders the Ruins of Alterac searching for more treasures.We would have you acquire the tiara for us."
"The Damsel's (Bad) Luck : I heard that this ship here is the Damsel's Luck.  Didn't you used to be the captain of that thing?  You must know your way around it, then.The Brashtide are our main concern, but we still don't want to take an unnecessary pummeling from those cannons of theirs.  Grab this rope behind me and take out some of those angry-looking corsairs.  Check in with the Baron when you're done."
"Entombed in Ice : Khurgorn tells me the cataclysm upset the balance of the elements all over the world. Helm's Bed Lake, to the south, used to be beautiful and tranquil, but it is now overrun with agitated water elementals. When they started to leave the confines of the lake, I sent my troops in to keep them busy, but most have been frozen in blocks of ice.If we can break them free, they have a good chance of recovering. I cannot spare the men for a second expedition out onto the lake. Would you be willing to try?"
"Dark Ministry : I got one more assignment for ye.  This one comes straight down from the Overseer himself.  Seems he was pretty shook up once he heard about that ""Archduke"" ye discovered.He's asked for us to hunt down three Twilight ministers that work over in Firewatch Ridge, to the west.  Kiyuubi, Letherio, and Finister are their names, and they each carry some sort o' special rock.  Combine all three and bring 'em back here.Listen, when the Overseer gives orders, ye don't ask questions.  Ye just do it."
"Prepare for Takeoff : I've got an idea, but it's going to involve some footwork on your part.  As a goblin cartel, the Blackwater Raiders have a lot of explosives on hand.  In fact, I know for a fact that our old friend Narkk keeps a case in the back of his shop, in the Old Port Authority.Go grab them and bring them here, if they haven't already exploded."
"The Abyssal Ride : If you are going to be making it anywhere in this kelp forest, we need to get you a reliable mount. I think I've come up with a better plan than the sea turtle, and it's not far.Tie off a lure at the rope just west of us, and then mount the seahorse that it will attract.Be warned, you may need to work hard to break the beast."
"Seeking Seahorn : When the Brashtide pulled in, Seahorn grabbed the nearest weapon he could find and jumped off the ledge here.  You'll find him down below, probably pounding new holes into those worgen's skulls.Help him out down there.  I can handle the motivation from up here."
"Continue to Stormwind : For a small fee, you can take a gryphon to Stormwind, so you can deliver Argus' note to Osric.  You won't get there faster any other way.If that sounds acceptable, then just speak to me again when you're ready for the ride.  I'll charge you a little, but trust me; it'll be worth it!"
"Saltheril's Haven : I swear that I'm going to fireball someone if I get one more request from Lord Saltheril concerning supplies for his party!  Do I look like a party planner?!  Between you and me, that fool and his sycophants are living in denial that we're under attack here!Some of us are actually busy with, oh, I don't know, defending what's left of Quel'Thalas!  <class>, would you please head over to Saltheril's Haven and see if you can shut him up?  It's just down the road to the west."
"Rasha'krak : Based on this information you've delivered, I believe that one of this ""Archduke's"" minions may already have turned its eyes toward Thorium Point.His name is Rasha'krak, and he patrols the lava pools just to our south.  He looks like the latent fire elementals that rage nearby, except for one small difference: the bracers of binding that encircle his wrists.Find him and bring these bracers to me, <name>.  I need proof that we are in danger before we involve ourselves in elemental wars."
"Bwemba's Spirit : Dese be troublin' times for us Darkspear.  Da Zandalar be reuniting all da troll clans an' plan to take back da lands dey lost.We tryin' to warn all dat we can.  But it might be too late.Another Darkspear gone down to Stranglethorn to warn da people.  But it ain't safe to travel alone in Stranglethorn.Help me find him and make sure da people in Stranglethorn are warned of da rise of da troll tribes.I gonna bind my spirit wit' ya.  When ya get to Stranglethorn, I be able to aid ya."
"AHHHHHHHHHHHH! AHHHHHHHHH!!! : I'm here to help you and Bravo Company end this mess. You're to get in the Bravo Company siege tank and clear a path to Keeshan's Post on the other side of the valley, north of here.This is a high alert situation soldier as the Blackrock orcs are now aware of your location and sending a large force to meet you head on. Terminate them all with extreme prejudice.I'll see you on the other side. May the Light have mercy on your soul."
"The Crucible of Carnage: The Twilight Terror! : We've got someone you'll really love to hate this time around. I wasn't sure at first if I should let him into the pit, but a fight's a fight! And who am I to turn down some guaranteed cash?!This guy hails from the Twilight Citadel itself, and comes toting a toasty punch. Better move fast and watch your back! Just give me the word when you're ready for some action."
"Battle for Azeroth: Tides of War : King Wrynn has called us together for an urgent war council.  It seems that there was some trouble with the Horde while we were away. The king was impressed with the valor and bravery that you demonstrated during our mission to Exile's Reach.  Now that you've arrived, the meeting will begin without delay."
"The Terrors of Iso'rath : We need you! You were stuck in some kind of nightmare. So are many of the other shaman.It doesn't matter... our plan is falling apart. Some of our shaman are channeling protective auras that should combat the digestive juices and keep you alive, but we need you to rescue the other shaman from the tentacles.  We won't be able to defeat Iso'rath without them!Don't stay out in the stomach without the other shaman for too long or you'll be digested alive!"
"Avast Ye, Admiral! : Listen close, sea dawg... the powers of Booty Bay is what keeps us Bloodsail from sailing wheres we like and taking whats we want as rights o' plunder.  Were ye to put a knife to Fleet Master Seahorn, we'd ne'er run afoul of a Booty Bay's vessel.  Were ye to put a knife to Baron Revilgaz, we'd ne'er face the law on their terms.If ye are to be an honorary admiral amongst us - yes, ADMIRAL, you'll puts a knife to both of 'em as I've says.  Go now <lad/lass>, and return to me once ye does the deeds."
"The Mission : Well, you heard the King. Admiral Taylor's last transmission came from somewhere in the southern seas.We will begin our search from the air! Locating the Prince - the White Pawn - is of critical priority.The Skyfire is fueled, supplied, and ready to depart. She and her crew idle in the sky just north of the harbor.Make your last preparations, then meet Admiral Rogers on the deck. We will depart without delay."
"Twilight Shores : The time has come, <class>. With Stormwind secure, we will take this fight to the enemy. To the Highlands!The bulk of our navy has already shipped out, thanks to your work earlier. But Fargo Flintlocke has prepared a seaplane that can make the journey in double-time.Speak with Flintlocke down at the harbor and tell him that you are to accompany him to the Highlands. He will be by the water's edge. Safe journeys, <name>."
"City Under Siege : <Khadgar's voice erupts from the elemental once again.>Obtaining information on the Pillars of Creation before the Legion could stop us was a considerable victory. It won't bring back those we lost on the Broken Shore, but I believe it will help us avenge them.Dalaran has become a focal point of the Legion's assault. Your presence here is crucial. If the demons are putting this much effort into attacking the city, it means Dalaran will play a pivotal role in the struggle to save Azeroth."
"The Future of Gnomeregan : It's a victory for us every time we're able to help another survivor escape from the contaminated halls of Gnomeregan. <class>s like you will play an important part in the future of Gnomeregan. To that end, our leader, High Tinker Mekkatorque, has assembled a team of trainers to help you learn your arts.Muffinus Chromebrew will help oversee your training and adjustment to life on the surface. He's waiting for you on the stands across the road."
"Some Good Will Come : So much violence, so much death.  Brothers have died, a mother has died, and now a panther cub will die if there is no one to take care of it.Will you take a break from the violence and help care for a panther cub?"
"The Perfect Fuel : How much do you know about fuel, <name>?  Constructing the perfect fuel is a tricky job, as there's plenty of factors to balance: chrono-pyroxidation parameters, tempero-incendiary variables, conflagrational siltification criteria... and that's only naming a few.Hopefully the samples you brought me can be combined in the right proportions to create... the perfect bio-fuel.  Use that table over there and try combining some samples!  Bring the result to me when you're done."
"Rise of the Brotherhood : I had no idea that VanCleef had a daughter, <name>. If there was one thing that man was exceptionally skilled at, it was keeping secrets.How tragic. Poor thing witnessed a horrible act. Had I only known.What was that? Did you hear something? It seems as if the gnolls are pulling back... where are my guards?ON GUARD, <name>!"
"A Magnanimous Benefactor : You've done so much for us, <name>.  We greatly appreciate your assistance.You might have noticed Anchorite Ayuri's efforts outside.  She has a big heart and is very convincing, but the donations do not quite add up to what she had expected.If you were to make a large contribution to her cause, I will make sure that word of your deeds in this war spreads far and wide.  What do you say?"
"Saving Foreman Oslow : <Upon touching the orb you hear a faint click.><You remove the orb from the pedestal.><You now control the orb, therefore you now control the ettins. Maybe you can use an ettin to remove the huge boulder currently crushing Foreman Oslow over at Lakeshire. Find an ettin and use the orb on the ettin. Then head over to Lakeshire.>"
"Lunk's Adventure: Cranky Little Dwarfs : What you doing?  Why you kill?You need to get things from dwarfs?  Ah, Lunk understand.  Lunk have a better way.Listen: you go fight dwarf, but do not kill!  Just fight until dwarf get tired.  Then Lunk will help dwarf fall asleep.  Dwarfs probably just cranky because they don't get sleep.Come on!  Trust Lunk."
"Lawn of the Dead : IT'S STILLWATER! HE'S ALMOST HERE! It's going to take everything that we've got to beat him! Let's do this!"
"Hero's Call: Twilight Highlands! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to the throne room in Stormwind Keep.King Wrynn requires a trustworthy and proven hero for a mission of the utmost importance.Stormwind Keep can be found in the eastern portion of Stormwind City.Anyone willing may report to Grand Admiral Jes-Tereth for briefing. For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Bloodsail's End : We've nearly won the day, largely thanks to you.  One task remains, however... kill Fleet Master Firallon.It looks like most of Firallon's crew is already dead, but I know that old sea dog well enough to know that he's not done yet.  No, he's cooped up tight in his cabin, ready to go down with his ship.Speak with Kebok again to get a wind rider.  I'll try to hold off the cannonfire while you're on board."
"Argent Call: The Trial of the Crypt : Behind our chapel, you will find a small crypt.  Interred within are the bodies of our fallen heroes; those who gave their lives in the war against the Scourge.Their spirits are at peace, but they return intermittently to test new members of the order.The three of you may test together.  Enter the crypt, then read from this scroll.  Lord Raymond George - my predecessor - will preside over your test."
"Report to the King : We have slowed the Iron Horde down, but this war is far from over... I'll stay here and continue our efforts to hold back the Iron Horde.The King needs to know about what we have accomplished here today, and the threat we face in the future.It is probably best if you report to King Wrynn yourself, <name>."
"Get to the Airfield : According to the plans you captured, the Dark Irons are planning a large-scale attack on the Ironforge Airfield! The council has moved most of our forces down into Dun Morogh to deal with the instability brought by the cataclysm, leaving our defenses weakened at the airfield.We need a way to get you to the airfield quickly. Take the road back west toward Gol'Bolar Quarry and find Mathel Rustwrench. He should have a flying machine you can use. Go!"
"A Dish Best Served Huge : Take this food, and put it in our old lifeboat, southeast of here along the coast.  When Negolash smells all that food, he'll come running!And when he does, there will be a stouthearted <class> ready to knock his corpse back into the briny deep."
""
"Mor'Ladim : From what my scouts tell me, Mor'Ladim wanders throughout Duskwood, following a strange and meandering path through the cemetery. We buried him out past the house on the hill, you know where that is?There isn't anything I can do to help you, but I wish you good luck."
"Be Raptor : Mind Control, very powerful, yes.With luck, you can help Ohgan'aka escape from Zul'Gurub.Then, Ohgan'aka becomes <name>'aka again!Speak to Priestess, yes, and help <name>'aka escape."
"Combat Training : A val'kyr's only purpose is to serve, and this one serves you.  I am now giving you full control over her abilities, <name>.Roaming around the farm's outskirts, you should find several of the Forsaken that you just created.  I want you to use your val'kyr to gather at least five of them.  Once you have done so, take your newly-formed band of soldiers, bring them into Felstone's barn, and kill the beast inside.  Today, they will learn what it means to fight for the Dark Lady."
"Flame Crest : Our work here in Chiselgrip is done, mostly thanks to you.  We'll now be moving on to the northeast, to Flame Crest.Flame Crest is in the cliffs, past the Ruins of Thaurissan.  It should serve as a sufficient base of operations for the final stages of our plan.Of course, my son Ariok will be joining you on the road.  As will I."
"Dig-Boss Dinwhisker : Grimesilt wasn't as high up on the chain as I thought.  We'll have to take out his superior and find out what he knows.Dig-Boss Dinwhisker's his name, and he runs the Dark Iron digging operations within the Cauldron, just northwest of here.  His excavators and footmen patrol the eastern side of the Cauldron, digging downward, day and night.He's not known to show his face out in the field very often, but if you slay enough of his men, he'll be forced to come out and deal with you."
"Warning Orgrimmar : We have slowed the Iron Horde down, but this war is far from over... I'll stay here and continue our efforts to hold back the Iron Horde.The Warchief needs to know about what we have accomplished here today, and the threat we face in the future.It is probably best if you report to High Overlord Saurfang yourself, <class>."
"Thalorien Dawnseeker : If you truly bear Quel'Delar, <name>, I might be able to admit you to the Sunwell. If you know the blade's history, you recall that it was borne by Thalorien Dawnseeker in defense of the Sunwell against the Scourge. He fell in what is now the Dead Scar, buying time for his men to make their own preparations. You will find his remains near the southern end of the Dead Scar on this isle. Visit them, and if his spirit gives you its blessing, I will allow you to enter the Sunwell."
"The Worldbreaker : There's no time! Deathwing struck before we could form against him. If you do not stop him, the Earthen Ring will end this day!"
"Oh, the Insanity! : So, I've been thinkin'...If someone's out-of-their-mind-guano-crazy, do they know it?Case in point, I coulda swore that I'd collected a barrel of gunpowder from the cannonballs around here, but it's nowhere ta be found.I distinctly remember lifting the cannonballs from them Gilblins just west of here.Maybe they're right... maybe I really have lost it."
"Rams on the Lam : The rams we raise and train here at Amberstill ranch have long been the mounts of choice for Dun Morogh's mountaineers. Aye, there're a few here, but not enough to guard my family and all the animals.A few brave Frostmane raiders have taken to stealing our rams under the cover of night, taking them south into the Tundrid Hills. Would you be willing to help return them? You'll need to get fairly close to them and give a sharp whistle to get their attention. Their training will take over from there."
"A Daughter's Love : Here, take this and lay it on his grave. Maybe... somehow, he'll know that I'm okay, and that none of us hold him responsible for what happened.<There are tears in her eyes now, as she slides a ring from her right hand, and presses it into your hands.>And... thank you, <name>."
"Princess Must Die! : The Brackwells have a prize-winning pig, Princess. The sow is HUGE, and she got that way from sneaking over here and eating my veggies!It just so happens that she's here now! Princess must die! Bring me her collar as proof of the deed and I'll give you something for your time!You'll find Princess smack dab in the middle of our watermelon patch. Get her!"
"Kill-Collect : There's three phases to debt collecting: asking nicely, asking forcefully, and something I like to call ""Phase Three"".Unfortunately, collecting during Phase Three is something that this old dog can't do any more.  That's why I employ so many cronies, stooges, mooks, goons, and noble adventurers like yourself!Juntz Fitztittle, Ephram Moonfall, and Maury Wilkins are hiding out on the eastern coast.  You should have no problem visiting them all in one trip... and bringing back their valuables."
"Endgame : We need to get rid of that flying gunship if our people have any chance of escaping.Here's the plan.  Keel Harbor had its share of rebel sympathizers in the old days.  I've managed to round up a hefty amount of incendiary explosives from one of our storehouses.We're going to hit the enemy with a force small enough to fly undetected.  The night elf hippogryphs should do the trick.Tobias will give you the signal when we're ready to go."
"Calling of the Council : <The arcane anomaly turns to address you, speaking in what is clearly Khadgar's voice.>Though I am loathe to interrupt your fight against the Legion, I must request your help in a matter of... diplomacy. We face a grave threat, and we must be at our full strength to overcome it.Some will not agree with this position.Please join me outside the Violet Citadel in Dalaran. We have repositioned the city to defend the Eastern Kingdoms. You'll find it over Deadwind Pass, above Karazhan."
"A Perfect Costume : Judging by your weight, build, and size, we're going to dress you as a troll.  The Smolderthorn trolls have always worked with the Blackrock orcs, so you'll fit right in.Do you know much about tailoring?  If not, then consider this your first lesson.  My crafting table over there has all the necessary supplies on it.Go ahead and grab whatever you think is necessary, then bring it here.  Thelaron will fix you right up."
"Undersea Inflation : Fine! Fine. You argued me into it. You can help.I'm leaking air worse than a zeppelin stuffed with quilboar! My air valve must have come loose somewhere in the trench.I brought spare air balloons - make yourself useful and go fill one up, will ya? And find my valve! I'll need that too.I bet the crabs snatched it up... pinchy, greedy little things."
"WANTED: Thaelis the Hungerer : The city of Silvermoon hereby issues a reward for the head of Thaelis the Hungerer, notorious Wretched ringleader.  He is wanted for repeated crimes against the general populace of Silvermoon City, including the murder of two city guards.Report to Sergeant Kan'ren to collect the reward."
""
"Up to Snuff : Ah, the sea life.  I ain't gonna say it's the good life, but it's my life.When I get into port I like to find me a good bottle of grog and some high quality snuff.  Nasty habits but what's a pirate without his vices, right?So you can imagine how heartbroken I was to find out the herbalist here in town has gone and sold out of the stuff.  Says his shipment got hijacked by those damned Bloodsail Raiders.I bet a fearless <class> like you could convince 'em to share the goods, eh?"
"Basic Botany : HELP! HELP! Crazed undead are attacking my farm! That psycho warden over at the Sludge Fields is probably responsible for this mess. Help me fight off the zombies!"
"The Haunted Mills : You sense a malign presence coming from within the skull of the beast.  Coleman Farthing may be interested in seeing this."
"Last of Her Kind : Obsidia is one of the last mature dragons that can continue the black dragonflight bloodline. She must be killed.If you succeed in killing her, you should inform Lirastrasza immediately of your victory. She's been fighting a long time to see this done.Thank you for being our fang in these battles. You've proven a powerful ally."
"Explorers' League Document (1 of 6) : The document bears the Explorers' League crest and contains extensive information on the indigenous creatures of Loch Modan. Sooty smudges lead you to believe it was likely stolen by the Dark Iron spies in the area.You recall mention of missing documents at the Explorers' League building in Thelsamar."
"The Day that Deathwing Came: What Really Happened : These two have no idea how to tell a story.  Theldurin's story was too short, and Lucien's tale was a little too tall, if you catch my drift.Also, neither of their stories had action and fans admiring my awesomeness in them.Sit back, <name>.  I'll tell you what really happened that day."
"A Delivery for Neeralak : The warlocks of the Blackrock Clan often practice their magic in the Skull Warren, a cave on the eastern side of Dreadmaul Rock.  Their leader, Xi'lun, is busy elsewhere, so the cave is currently being held by another of the Big Three: Dragon-Lord Neeralak.  And Neeralak's expertise is in dragons, not in necromancy.I've used the slumber sand on those flamekin you captured.  Try to convince Neeralak that they're warlock imps, and not flamekin.  When they wake up, they won't be happy."
"Swift Discipline : I hope you learn a valuable lesson today, <name>.  Never trust someone else to lie for you.Now I want you to go back to my two dimwitted students and discipline them using this wand.  My magic tells me that you'll find them along the road to the west on the other side of the Dead Scar.Come back to me after you've done this.  I'll give you a small reward for your troubles."
"Cry For The Moon : I'm hopeful, but let's remain professional. It's business as usual for this one.Into the guillotine he goes... and if the alchemy doesn't take, he won't be getting back out of it.Jitters and I will attend to this. Please, just stand back and watch from a safe distance."
"Stranglethorn Fever : Sick...so...very s-s-sick... have contracted Stranglethorn Fever.......technically... CAPE of Stranglethorn Fever.......deadly v-v-virus.......only cure... is... is... to eat the heart of M-m-m-m-mokk the Savage... elusive white beast.......Witch Doctor Unbagwa... only one who can s-s-summon.......seek Unbagwa in hidden cave on southern cape.......hurry... dying... dying...."
"Beer Basted Boar Ribs : Nothing my tavern patrons enjoy more than some Beer Basted Boar Ribs!  Only problem is, the local trapper who used to bring me supplies enlisted in the King's Army to help with the war on the Alliance front. Maybe you can help me out?  If you bring me some boar ribs and a Rhapsody Malt from the tavern here, I'll give you the family recipe for my famous Beer Basted Boar Ribs, not to mention a free sample!  The secret's in the Malt!"
"Find OOX-09/HL! : You have uncovered some sort of strange, egg-shaped device made from metal.  Fiddling with one of its knobs springs the egg to life, as it opens up into some sort of gnomish robotic contraption!  A voice from inside the robotic egg crackles to life.""My name's Oglethorpe Obnoticus, and my homing robot has crashed!  I will reward you for its recovery; please take this beacon to the robot!""""I now have computed the coordinates of the robot for you; it crashed at the head of the river near Skulk Rock!"""
"You Are Rakh'likh, Demon : Hero, listen well.First, we must travel to the Deathly Usher, who waits at the northern foot of the Rise of the Defiler, to our northeast.  The usher will take us to the top of the rise.  Once there, I need you to help me defeat Razelikh, for I fear that I am not strong enough to defeat him alone.Most importantly, I need you to hold the stone knife, and do not use it until I tell you to.  The knife will trap Razelikh's soul within its new, eternal prison.If we succeed, speak with Wazzik."
"Some People Just Need Killing : The tunnel ahead, headin' west, will take you straight to Chief Prospector Hondo's office.  He's the big cheese around here, and Tak'arili's heard tell that he's a darn fine miner.  That's why he's gotta die.There's just one problem: the pathway is completely FILLED with those pesky Nethergarde flunkies.  That's why you gotta disguise yourself.  Hop inside this box here, and sneak down the pathway.  Hopefully you won't draw too much suspicion on your way to da killin'."
"Heartstrike : We don't have any hope of taking the Nethergarde Mines from the Alliance... at least not yet.  Nethergarde is well-defended, and their supply routes are established and strong.  Our goal, then, is to damage their economy.  We can't take the mine by force, but with surgical strikes we can drastically reduce the mine's efficiency.I have men creating a distraction outside the mines.  Head east, sneak into the mines, and speak with Rofilian Dane for your assignment."
"All or Nothing : This is it.This is where we make our stand.We must defend this ship to our last breath, and make these cretins think twice before approaching it again!May our blades strike fear in their hearts!"
"Buried Below : <You attach the arch to the rod, and the artifact is nearly complete. A large gap still sits at the center of the holy symbol's head.><Once again you feel it tug your arm, urging you towards the hole in the wall and the winding tunnel ahead. The last piece must be through there.>"
""
"Death From Below : This is bad. It seems the Daggerspines are amassing for an attack.Naga are known for their ruthlessness in battle. They will keep attacking until I am dead.I don't value my own life above that of my crew members, but you must help to defend me. The crew will not be able to make it back to Booty Bay without my knowledge of the seas.The naga will be coming from the sea. I need you to remain up here with me to fend off the attack. Man the cannon and drive them back.Are you ready, <name>?"
"Forced to Watch from Afar : The cataclysm drove the troggs to the surface in hordes, forcing the Frostmane trolls to flee for their lives. Unfortunately, they've decided to settle right on our doorstep and make trouble for us.I deployed Mountaineer Dunstan and his squad to the Grizzled Den just southwest of town to keep an eye on the wendigos that live there, but now I need to recall them to Kharanos. Find them and tell them to deploy those remote observation bots the gnomes provided, then return to Kharanos."
"Heroes of Darrowshire : The heroes of Darrowshire held relics of their own, and inside of those relics lie more precious memories.First, speak with Carlin and obtain the Extended Annals of Darrowshire.  Within the tome lies the narrative that will drive our excursion through time.Then, you will need to head west to the Marris Stead.  The former owner of the Marris farmhouse collected relics from the battle of Darrowshire - for what reason, I am not certain.Gather these relics, and return to me."
"Welcome to the Machine : Come in here dear <boy/girl>, have a cigar. You're gonna go far and fly high as a ranking officer of the Forsaken. Yes, indeed, this is the good life and you are going to live it!I want you to take these orders and dispense them to the lowly scrubs that come along looking for work. Who you give what to is wholly at your discretion.When you're ready, mount up on my trusty skeletal steed - so they don't miss you - and start living the life! Which means just stand there and wait."
"Dark Vessels : The Vilebranch trolls here used to drink the corrupted blood of the god Hakkar himself for power. They boiled it in crude pots before drinking, dark vessels full of unholy strength.Hakkar was killed long ago, of course. But the interesting thing... I still see some cauldrons bubbling up there. Bring me back a few and we'll see just what they've got cooking."
"Do the Right Thing : You have come upon a horrific scene. Someone or something has buried all of the humans up to their necks in a manner consistent with planting. The ghouls, which are seemingly tending the field of human seedlings, periodically jump to the nearest human and devour its head!You can end this right here and now. Take this shovel and ""save"" the humans.Do the right thing."
"Avast Ye, Scallywag : <name>... yeah, I've heard of you.  I've heard that you're no friend of Booty Bay - just like us Bloodsail Buccaneers.  Fleet Master Firallon is looking for hale and hearty <men/women> just like you for a special mission.If you're interested, head on out to the Crimson Veil and speak with him below decks.  She's anchored off the Wild Coast east of here, next to the Riptide and the Damsel's Luck."
"A Curse We Cannot Lift : What we do here is not a cure. The transformation cannot be removed once inflicted. But the mind...The mind can be restored, through alchemy,  if enough is left intact. This worgen you've encountered sounds like he's fighting to stay aware, <name>. We've got to find him again.If he's fled the Yorgen Stead, search the Addle Stead to the south; he may be lurking in one of the buildings.Inject him with this ampule to tranquilize him. You'll need to be quite close."
"Our Mortal Enemies : Hey, new <guy/girl>, take a look at this.<The dwarf flips up his eyepatch to reveal a living, functional eyeball.>I don't wear this patch because of any lost eye.  I wear it because this OTHER eye is so strong, the normal one was just weighin' it down.This eye's good for seein' all kinds of things, like those masked hooligans that follow us around.  Fleet Master says that they've been spotted over on Jaguero Isle.  Once you get there, fire this flare gun, and I'll help you spot 'em."
"Keep Your Hands Off The Goods! : We've uncovered some incredible artifacts at this site. It's hard to be convinced that it's all authentic, but there could be serious historical potential.Unfortunately, when the troggs overran the site, we lost access to three of our most notable finds to date. I'm concerned that the troggs might have stolen them or defiled them in our absence.If you go into the excavation, find the Upturned Giant, the Overdressed Woman, and the Broken Tablet, and make sure they're still intact."
"The Party Never Ends : I like to throw parties... just a little something to celebrate the magnificence that is Quel'Thalas!But, I'm in a bit of a bind.  I need you to gather up more party supplies.From Vinemaster Suntouched at the Silvermoon City inn, bring me a bottle of Suntouched Special Reserve.  From Zalene Firstlight at Farstrider Retreat acquire more of those delicious Springpaw Appetizers.  And you can pick up my delivery of fireworks from Halis Dawnstrider at Fairbreeze Village.Be quick about it!"
"Heroes of the Horde! : Now to find their battle plans and take out their leaders! Should we succeed there is an orc high warlord who served in the war in Silverpine that is now stationed at Tarren Mill - located in the heart of Hillsbrad. He will grant both of us commendations for this! We will be heroes of the Horde, <name>!Onward! Together we will defeat the Alliance filth!"
"The Weathered Grave : The weathered grave marker reads simply:MORGAN LADIMORE<Upon further examination, you notice that dirt over the grave has been recently disturbed, and that a good amount of the dirt seems to have been displaced...>"
"A Personal Summons : <An unfamiliar feeling wells up from deep within you, flooding your mind with thoughts and images.>Hear my words, <name>.Our world finds itself in the grip of a terrible crisis.I call upon you to lend your aid in this desperate hour.I am Naraat.Seek me out at once, and your calling shall be revealed.I await you at the Eastern Earthshrine in Stormwind City."
"Big Game Hunter : <name>, you are a hunter worthy of our company.  From the battlefields of Lordaeron to the deepest jungle, I have rarely witnessed such prowess with weaponry as you have demonstrated.You have killed the ferocious Sin'Dall, the elusive Bhag'thera, and the treacherous Tethis.  But the true prize is the head of King Bangalash.  That white tiger is the reason I am here... yet still, he taunts me from his roost to the south.  Kill King Bangalash and your hunting prowess is proven to be second to none."
"Lou's Parting Thoughts : A couple of thugs recently showed up at the farm, causin' all kinds of trouble. I don't know where they came from or who they're working for, but I KNOW they're bad news. I may have overheard 'em talkin' 'bout subjects that might interest you.If you're interested, you'll find the thugs back behind the farmhouse. If you get caught or killed, I don't know you. Never seen ya!Good luck, kid."
"It's Goat Time, Baby : We have a little bit of a goat problem here in Fuselight, in case you haven't noticed.  They'll eat anything, and they seem to have taken a liking to the piles of cogs and gears that we tend to leave sitting around.It's getting really annoying!You'll find most of the billy goats wandering around the edge of town, near the cliff's edge.  Use this device on them to give 'em a little ""nudge""."
"Watching Our Back : <Watch Commander Relthorn Netherwane speaks in hushed tones.>I have orders from... higher up... that you would be suitable for.  I've seen the Horde periodically referring to a stack of papers on that barrel over there.  I'd like you to take a look at those papers and find out what it is that they're plotting.  My duty and station prevent me from such a questionable task, but a newcomer like you might be able to slip in unnoticed..."
"Return to the Highlands : With Orgrimmar secure and our Dragonmaw allies behind us, we can turn our attention to the conquest of the Twilight Highlands and the utter destruction of Deathwing's forces there.I need the Horde's best on the front lines. That means you. And all your friends.The Highlands WILL be ours!Use the new portal you created to return to Dragonmaw Port. Report to Zaela to see where she needs you the most."
"The Day that Deathwing Came : Deathwing made quite a mess when he passed through these parts.  If it weren't for me, he'd probably still be here, layin' waste to all the good people of the Badlands.What, you don't believe me?  Fine, let me tell you the whole story."
"The Fallen Lion : I haven't left the deck of this ship since we got back. The fleet must be made ready for war. Don't know where we will be needed, but when the call comes, we'll be ready.Truth be told... I welcome the distraction. The others are paying their respects to Varian, but I... I cannot bring myself to face that casket. To face his son.Varian gave me a letter he wrote to Anduin. Please, take it to him on my behalf."
"Visions of the Past: The Invasion of Vashj'ir : The shard you recovered looks to be of naga origin. I had hoped to find a strong focal object like this for a spell I've been working on that would allow us to glimpse into the recent past.I've enchanted the blade, but you'll have to take it to a place where we know its owner was. I want you to travel back to the site where you found it and use the blade.Perhaps we can uncover more behind what the naga are doing here. Or even better, maybe we'll uncover a weakness that will give us a better chance."
"Finite Numbers : It seems not all the protections I put in place have been defeated. The Legion isn't able to open portals inside or near the tower... at least, not yet.They appear to be bringing reinforcements in through the catacombs running beneath Deadwind Pass. Disable them and you just might buy us the time we need to drive them out of Karazhan."
"Looking for Lurkers : I don't know about you, but I'm not much a fan of spiders, much less the kind that come bigger than me. Loch Modan's a gorgeous place, but I'd say it could do without those horrid things waltzing around.Tell you what, I've got some spare coin, and you look like a tough one. If you head out and off some of those things for me, I'll pay you for your time."
"Undersea Sanctuary : I believe I've located the author of your note, friend.It would seem that he is in desperate need of attention if he is to survive.I shall attune one of my scrying orbs, that you might see him for yourself."
"Gimme Shelter! : Please, <race>! You must help me!I've barely managed to survive, what with naga, sharks, and that horrible monster that attacked our ship.I can see a cave that might be safe, but I don't dare try to make it unless I know there's air inside.Can you make sure it's ok?"
"Drive-By Piracy : Now that you know how to handle our cannons, it's time to hit some real targets!The Venture Company has found gold to the north of here... a rare type they call ""Black Gold"".  More like a Black Spot if you ask me.We're going to take that gold, but first, we need to get rid of those Venture Company goons.  I've got an oarsman who will take you out there.  Head off the ship down the gangplank and speak with him on the islet's northern shore."
"WANTED: Knucklerot and Luzran : A bounty is hereby declared for the abominations known as Knucklerot and Luzran.  These dreadful creations of Dar'Khan are extremely dangerous and have been sighted patrolling near the Howling and Bleeding Ziggurats.  Individuals seeking to claim the reward must present the abominations' heads to Deathstalker Rathiel as proof of the deed."
"The Embalmer's Revenge : You're not the first fool to be manipulated by Abercrombie! That doddering old man is known as The Embalmer to us. He's a vile necromancer and a blight upon this town.And now, sewn together and given life by the very materials you brought him, his horrible creation approaches!That hideous creature will be upon us in mere moments! If you have any heart, <name>, you'll help the Night Watch drive off the abomination and save our town!"
"Details of the Attack : I want to know details, <name>.  Our supremacy over the Bloodsail is due largely in part to our stronghold here in Booty Bay, but intelligence also plays a critical role.The Bloodsail maintain a few meager camps to the south which they call their ""Southern Command.""  Well, you're going to raid their excuse for a southern command, find their plans, and slaughter their men.  Return with whatever information you can find."
"Korok the Colossus : The monstrosity has fallen, granting a brief reprieve to the Forsaken soldiers on the front lines.Take Korok's second head and return it to Forward Commander Onslaught at Forsaken Forward Command."
"Wake of Destruction : Our time here draws to a close. I must somehow follow the trail of these naga captives if we are to discover their purposes in this region.But before I move on, I would see the destruction of this operation!Nevermind their numbers, I have a plan that has the potential to even the odds.Outside this cave, famished great sharks, displaced by these naga, seek food.In their weakened state, they will be susceptible to suggestion. Use this orb to subdue them, then direct them against our enemy."
"Illidari Allies : At first I was unsure whether it was wise to allow the Illidari inside the city. But they may have just saved all our lives.I gave the demon hunters leave to establish a temporary camp in the Mage Quarter. I'd like you to be my personal envoy to them. Thank the Illidari for their assistance and see how they can aid our cause.Just... keep your eyes open. They have harnessed a terrible power, and we must be ready should they be consumed by the darkness within."
"Villains of Darrowshire : The Annals of Darrowshire tells of the villains of that battle.  It tells how the ghoul lord Horgus the Ravager was destroyed by Alliance forces during the battle.  He was slain among the foothills north of here, and his skull remains there.Marduk the Black was never defeated, but his fabled sword now rusts, ownerless.  It can be found near the road to our southeast.Retrieve these items, <name>.  I know not why, but I am certain their fate lies with you."
"The Crucible of Carnage: The Bloodeye Bruiser! : Well well, if it isn't the once champion of anguish, <name>! I'm seeing good money in the future now that you're here! We're gonna be rollin in the dough, buddy! Filthy RICH!Anyway, this is some old Dragonmaw fighting pit. Didn't take much modification to tune it up to our uses. I put out a few feelers, and got some heavy hitters from all around Azeroth to join in the carnage. Bout time to make some gold!You know the drill, <name>. When you're ready, let me know and we'll get this show on the road!"
"Stagwiches : Ever had a stagwich? Me neither. Apparently they're delicious. Now I'm not one for eating, but I am a businessman. If my customers want stagwiches, who am I to argue?You're probably asking yourself, ""What does this have to do with me?"" I'll tell you what, <class>, I need stag meat! You get me stag meat from the hill stags of Hillsbrad and I will pay you. Sounds like a pretty good deal, doesn't it?Get going! Stags are most plentiful to the west."
"The Battle for Gilneas City : The time has come, <name>.  We've rallied and armed every available Gilnean.It is time to meet the enemy head on.  Time to settle the score with Sylvanas and her Forsaken dogs once and for all.Liam is heading the assault from this gate.  King Greymane and my father are leading the assault on the other districts.You have a crucial role to play in this as well.  Take this rapier.  Use it to inspire our men and women in combat.  Speak to Krennan Aranas to take part in the battle for Gilneas City."
"SEVEN! YUP! : We have to take action.  Winky and Gor'tesh were fighting, so I planned this friendship ceremony to help the two of them make up.  Everything was going well, until...Well, you know the rest.I even bought drinks!Winky loves flameflies.  He runs off to chase them most every night.  I'm thinking maybe that's where he went.You'll find flameflies to the west and north, wherever you find lava.  Bring me seven of them, and hurry!Gor'tesh might leave next!"
"Sea Legs : Welcome to The Briny Cutter, <class>.I am Erunak, the last surviving passenger of this once-proud vessel.I'm afraid your travails have only just begun. The naga have been attacking here relentlessly.You're not equipped to be of much help down here yet, but I can remedy that.Just outside this ship live a special breed of starfish. Bring me some of them along with a conch shell. I'll prepare an enchantment that should help to increase your chances of survival."
"To Fuselight Proper : This, <race>, is paradise.  I've always wanted to live in a nice quiet town by the sea so I can focus on my explosions without any distractions.Quiet's not for everybody, though... 'specially the adventuring hero-type, like yourself.We've installed a teleporter in the backside of town that'll take you up to the top of the cliffs.  From there, you can take the quick ride west into Fuselight proper, within the Badlands.There should be more for you to do up there.  Tell 'em that Flo sent you."
"A Giant's Feast : The next giant on my list is called Negolash.  I remember vividly how he leapt from the seafoam and plucked poor Poop-Deck Paul from the crow's nest.Swallowed him in one gulp, he did.  And snapped my mizzenmast in two on the way down.No man on my crew deserves such a heinous death.  So we're going to use Negolash's appetite against him.  Kelsey Yance should be able to sell you some meat, and Whiskey Slim has enough booze to knock out... well, a sea giant.  You'll find both of them in town."
"Seeing Where Your Loyalties Lie : Thar be just one thing...Yancey hears things.  A few o' me hearties were pretty deep in their cups when they told me about some <race> <class> that came a-rollin' through the Southern Command lookin' for charts and orders.  Even ran a couple o' good pirates through, <he/she> did.Like I said, they were up to their eyeballs in grog, but still... a buccaneer's gotta trust his ears.  So I've just got one small task for ye, one sent down from Firallon hisself...Bring me the head of Fleet Master Seahorn."
"Battle of Life and Death : Alexstrasza and Deathwing have taken into the skies over Grim Batol! Her plan unravels - the Dragon Queen is outside the Circle of Life she prepared earlier. We'll need to support her with everything we've got.Hurry! Climb aboard one of the Vermillion Vanguard behind me.If we find any Twilight Drakes aiding Deathwing, we will need to kill them off. Mount up, quickly!"
"Ever So Lonely : You work hard your whole life, and what do you get?  Killed by a plague.  Then you work even harder in undeath, and what do you get?  Money, yes, and a small estate with a few pesky hangers-on, but happiness?  Not so much.I'm lonely in my old age, <name>.  I need a companion.  Use this leash on one of the murlocs at the Whispering Shore to the northwest.  You'll have to weaken it first before it can be leashed.  Then bring it back to me."
"Scaring Shaky : If there's one thing I can't stand, it's people who don't pay their gambling debts!  And there are a lot of people who owe me.  Think you can help me collect?First, there's ""Shaky"" Phillipe down by the docks.  He owes me plenty after last week's game and I want my due!  But to get it, we'll have to scare him.Go out of town and hunt elder mistvale gorillas.  Find a nice selection of giblets, then take them to Shaky.  Don't let on that they're from an animal; let him think the worst."
"Resistance is Futile : <The F.C.D. buzzes.>This is Commander Lorna Crowley of the Gilneas Liberation Front. If you are hearing this message then you know that the Alliance once again controls Gilneas. Lay down your weapons and surrender. Failure to comply will result in your death.Our forces have locked on to your position and will arrive shortly. Resistance is futile."
""
"Something Stolen : Everyone's going to want to dress their best for this, and finery is in short supply in the Highlands.I understand that those goblin wretches off the coast use the finest silk for repairing their zeppelin air envelopes. A waste!Find a zeppelin flying back and forth between Dragonmaw Port and the Krazzworks, and liberate some silk from the cargo hold in the lower decks."
"Backdoor Dealings : Zanzil the Outcast, an exile from the Gurubashi tribe, is my quarry.  Recently, I have heard tales from my brothers in the north about his planned reentry into society, starting with the emissary he sent to the Skullsplitters.  This is not good news.I want you to peer into Zanzil's current plans.  Take this incense, and place it in front of the bat totem in the Ruins of Jubuwal, to the east.  Hir'eek will guide you from there."
"Nida's Necklace : My friend Nida lost her necklace, and we can't find it.  We've been fishing all day right here, and we looked around here already.  The only thing I can think of is that it fell into the lake.  Our parents don't want us to swim in the lake... my mom says there's some mean things underwater, but you look like you aren't scared of mean things.Could you find it for her, please?"
"Lunk's Adventure: Spider Rider : Lunk sees you like to kill things.  Let Lunk teach you another way.Lunk always wanted to ride on spider's back.  Looks like fun.  Spiders move too fast, though.  Always slip away.We work together.  You fight spider until it gets weak and tired.  Then Lunk jump on spider's back and ride around.Maybe Lunk even gather some venom for you!  No have to kill!"
"The Traitor's Destruction : Everything we've done in the Ghostlands has been done with the goal of taking back what is rightfully ours.  The Scourge have maintained their chokehold on the region for far too long.The time has come for payback, <name>.  Thanks to your help and the help of our new allies, the Forsaken, vengeance will soon be ours.He who sought to steal the power of the Sunwell must die.  Go to Deatholme, the Scourge stronghold south of the Dead Scar.  Bring me Dar'Khan's head and your deeds will go down in history!"
"Thirst Unending : If there is only one lesson you deign to remember from your time on Sunstrider Isle, let it be this - control your thirst for magic.  It is a thirst unending, <name> - what you absorb must be controlled and released via Arcane Torrent.  Failure is to become one of the Wretched... hopelessly addicted and insane.Seek out a mana wyrm and unleash your Arcane Torrent upon it.  Learn to master your power. When you have sufficiently released an Arcane Torrent, return to me."
"Cities in Dust : Our armies clash across the battlefield. Crowley and his forces are losing ground and they do not yet know the fate of Lorna Crowley. We will meet with Crowley and his compatriots at mid field and I will present them with terms of their surrender. They will either accept or we will kill them all and leave their cities in dust.As my most trusted soldier, you are to stand by my side during the exchange. Tell me when you are prepared to leave."
"The Green Hills of Stranglethorn : One page!  I only need one more page!Master Nesingwary's novel ran into a bit of an... accident <Barnil shoots an accusing glance over at Spanks>... and we misplaced some of the pages.I've been asking your fellow adventurers to look for the missing pages, and they've been quite helpful, but one page still eludes me.I'm sure you're awfully busy with other matters, but while you're out in the jungle, would you mind looking for it?"
"The Shrine of Dath'Remar : Day after day I stand here, watching, waiting.  I've been accused of dwelling too much on our past, while my eyes look to the horizon.  But it is my firm belief that each visitor to this island should honor those who have sacrificed all so that they may continue to do so.Dath'Remar Sunstrider was our first king.  He led us here from Kalimdor through the Maelstrom.Seek out his shrine to the west and do not return to me until you have read the plaque upon it in his honor."
"Escaped From Gilneas : As far as you know, a worgen rogue roaming in Tirisfal is a new development.  This is something that Executor Zygand would certainly be interested in."
"A Man Named Godfrey : Lord Vincent Godfrey spent his life defending the kingdom of Gilneas. When the worgen curse ravaged this land, Godfrey was one of the first Gilneans to take up arms against the beasts. It is said that upon discovering that his king was afflicted by the curse, Godfrey took his own life. He would rather be dead than serve the very creatures that he had defended his home against.We are going to give him a second chance, <name>. Together we will battle southeast towards Tempest's Reach to collect his corpse."
"Visions of the Past: The Slaughter of Biel'aran Ridge : Look, I know this is asking a lot during a time like this, but I need you to tear yourself away from this defeat for a moment.I will tend to these soldiers - you need to find the location of that battle with the Kvaldir General to the west that you told me about. You should be able to glimpse more of the Battlemaiden's experiences from there. I have a strong feeling that the key to defeating these naga will lie with that Battlemaiden.Please hurry - I will do everything I can to buy you time."
"Goldtooth : I was playing near the Fargodeep Mine, and I think I dropped, er...I mean I saw, the old lady's necklace.  Don't ask me how it got there...it wasn't me!Well anyway, I saw this big, gold-toothed kobold pick up the necklace and run back to his den above the mine.  Go find that kobold and you'll find the necklace, I swear!"
"The Captain's Chest : I used to sail a ship from here all the way to Ratchet, in Kalimdor.  I was a successful captain with a sterling reputation.Until...Those cursed sea giants ruined me!  They smashed my ship, killed my crew, and set me on a lifeboat to Booty Bay.  I will not rest until their corpses pepper the ocean floor!One of the giants, Gorlash, stole my captain's chest.  I hear Gorlash wanders the coast east of here.  Find him and get back my chest!  Do that, and you'll have earned a captain's gratitude."
"The Jasperlode Mine : Thanks to you we know the Fargodeep Mine is infested with kobolds.  Now we need a scout to investigate the more distant Jasperlode Mine.Explore Jasperlode and confirm any kobold presence.  To reach the mine, travel east along the road until you reach the Tower of Azora.  From the tower, head north and you'll find the mine in the foothills."
"Breaking Out is Hard to Do : The key to this cage is stored in a pouch over at the worg den, just north of our location. The problem is that the pouch is resting safely atop a tree stump amidst a sea of bloodthirsty man-killing worgs.You've got one shot to get that key without waking up any of those sleeping worgs. Head to the worg den and find a way into the center. Tread carefully and watch out for the Blackrock worg captain. Get the key and return to me.If you got a pet, I'd recommend telling it to stay back!"
"Solanian's Belongings : With all the chaos happening here at the Sunspire, I haven't had a chance to collect my belongings I've left outside at various places on the isle.  I must maintain my vigil over the Sunwell here, so I'll ask you to collect them in my stead.I need my scrying orb, my scroll of Scourge magic, and my journal.  Use this satchel for some extra space, as my things are rather bulky.  Return them to me and I'll give you a little something - you know, for the effort; you can keep the satchel as well!"
"Defending the Rift : The whispers of the elements are crowding my thoughts, <name>...The Throne of Tides is under siege!I cannot stand idly by while the naga threaten Neptulon's realm. We must find a way to join forces with him.Nazgrim will escort me to the depths where I can commune directly with Neptulon.I must ask you to take a more violent path. Keep the enemy forces distracted until I arrive safely at entrance to the Throne of Tides.May the spirits see us through, <name>."
"The Fargodeep Mine : The mine in Northshire isn't the only one with problems!  I have reports that the Fargodeep Mine in Elwynn has also become a haven for Kobolds.Explore the mine and confirm these reports, then return to me.  The mine is almost due south of Goldshire, between the Stonefield and Maclure homesteads."
"The Lost Pilot : My friend and fellow Siege Engine pilot, Mori Hildelve, is lost in the hills. We were looking for a rare ore that's needed for a high-grade blastpowder, and during our search he drove his engine up a steep hill and busted it!Still convinced that ore was in these mountains, Hildelve charged me to guard our engines while he continued on foot.It's been days, and I've heard some beastly growls north of Helm's Bed Lake, west of the tunnel. Mori's tough as nails, but I'm worried.Please, <name>. Find him."
"Amani Encroachment : Ours are not the vast kingdoms of the humans and orcs.  All we have left of our lands in Azeroth lies mostly before your eyes, <name>.Until we can reach Outland, we must defend what little land we have at any cost.Our uncivilized neighbors to the southeast, the Amani trolls, certainly have a different opinion regarding the ownership of these lands.  Their daily raids are something we can't tolerate anymore.  Go to their settlements, Zeb'Watha and Tor'Watha, and teach them a lesson."
"This Means WAR (Wild Arachnid Roundup) : The Highlord was generous enough to send some of his recruits to protect us here at the mill.  With your horsemanship skills, and their martial prowess, we can do away with this spider problem easily.Hop back on that mustang and scare those spiders again, but this time, scare them all the way up here to the mill.  These Hearthglen recruits can handle things from there."
"Swift Action : We have everything we need to begin the attack.If your claims were correct, you would do well to make sure you cling tight to your mount as we make the run. Anyone who gets caught in the open water isn't likely to out-swim a naga.Kill as many as you can as we make the attack run and we'll rendezvous on the broken ledge of the southern terrace above once we've expended our explosives. Hopefully by that point there will be few enough that we can finish them off the old-fashioned way."
"The Battle for Andorhal : Hurry, <name>... there isn't time to waste.The city of Andorhal is in the middle of a three-way war between the Forsaken, the Alliance, and the Scourge.  Lady Sylvanas has sent one of her best death knights to lead the charge for her cause, but I'm sure he can use all the help he can get.  With Arthas dead, now is the perfect time for the Forsaken to take Andorhal.Speak with the bat handler, Timothy Cunningham, when you are ready, and he will put you on the first flight out there."
"Journey To The Sunwell : Take Quel'Delar to the Sunwell as quickly as possible, <name>. Trust in Uther's words when he says that you will not always be able to control the blade while it is subject to the evil of the Lich King's influence. You must travel to the Isle of Quel'Danas, and there, seek entry to the Sunwell itself, where you can cleanse the sword.The guardians of the Sunwell will not simply allow you to walk in, so you must find Halduron Brightwing, who will be inspecting the guards there."
"The Legend of Stalvan : I'm here because I received a letter from my brother Stalvan, who I haven't seen in years. On arriving here, I was told he was dead...The entire town refuses to offer any further explanation. Any mention of his name is met with terror and suspicion. As if I didn't have enough of that myself!I'm afraid of what will happen if my frustration and anger grows any further. I beg you, help me get to the bottom of this. Implore Clerk Daltry for any information he may have on my brother."
"A Shiny Reward : There is a stash of loot located in the statue on Janeiro's Point just northwest of Booty Bay in Stranglethorn Vale.Head to the statue and claim your prize, <class>."
"The Battle of Darrowshire : Now, <name>, you will take part in battle of Darrowshire, and you will save Joseph Redpath.Place this relic bundle in the Darrowshire town square, and the spirits of Darrowshire will rise.  Join their battle and assure that these two things come to pass: Davil must survive beyond the death of Horgus, and Redpath must survive to be corrupted, then defeated.After defeating the corrupted Redpath, his spirit will be saved.  Speak with him, then return to his daughter Pamela."
"If The Key Fits : The wyrms have already taken the battle to the sky above Grim Batol. It's up to us to move our men in by ground and secure the gates.I want you to know what is at stake here, <class>. Grim Batol is the source of Twilight's Hammer reinforcements to all of the highlands. If we do not cut them off here, we will not win the battles ahead.I'm sending a squad from Highbank with you. Get to the gate to the southeast and get it open. Your lieutenant should have any further instructions you'll need from there."
"They Have Allies, But So Do We : The night elves made good on their promise.  They've brought ships and are ready to offer us sanctuary in their lands.Unfortunately, the Forsaken's allies have arrived as well.The orcs are advancing upon us while the Horde gunship prevents the transport ships from taking our people to safety.The druids are holding the enemy back, but won't last long.  Fortunately, the elven ships were carrying siege weapons.  Take one of the glaive throwers and meet the enemy head on."
"Onward, to Light's Hope Chapel : Now that the boys are back, we can head out.  You headed east?Please, join us!  I insist!  Yesterday, we were in the Menders' Stead, and I was telling Tarenar, ""We have two paladins and a shopkeeper, but you know what we really need?  A <class>!""Don't look at me that way!  I'm serious!  Come on, hop in the cart."
"Protect the Home Front : The Legion hasn't just invaded this city. Their evil is spreading across Azeroth, threatening the far corners of our world.We must seek them out and stop them, everywhere their darkness touches.We've dispatched scouts around the world to watch for Legion activity. As invasions arise, we'll mark the locations on your map.Make them suffer, <name>!"
"The Dwarven Spy : Listen, <name>.  This is a very delicate situation; even though we've identified the spy, we cannot kill him out in the open.  We cannot try to capture him either as the risk of him escaping is too great.I want you to go find Prospector Anvilward at the North Sanctum and kill him.  Do this in a quiet manner, we don't want word to spread that we allowed a spy into our city.Bring me his head as proof.  Ironforge will learn not to meddle with the sin'dorei."
"Powering our Defenses : Ancient runestones once powered a protective barrier across the Eversong border.  Many were destroyed during Arthas' attack; others were stolen.Of the three that remain, only this one has retained its powers.  The runestone to the east might be salvageable, though.Take this crystal and instill its energy on the Eastern Runestone.  The process should take but a minute.  Beware though, nearby Scourge will be drawn to it and will seek to destroy it.  Do not let them!"
"Visions of the Past: Rise from the Deep : What you told me of the naga before has been plaguing my mind. Who are these allies they're summoning? Do they really think they can defeat the Tidehunter?Escaping this cave brings a degree of relief, but our purpose here remains. I'm hoping you will be willing to seek answers from the Battlemaiden one last time.There's only one place that I can think of where they would have taken the artifact - the temple atop the ruins. It's sure to be well guarded. Proceed carefully."
"Call of Booty : You feel like you've done just about enough damage, and you know the Bloodsail's battle plans.  You've done everything that Baron Revilgaz has asked of you.It's time to hang up the pirate hat and return to Booty Bay.  The battle looms near."
""
"Unplug L'ghorek : L'ghorek is the ancient that rests upon the shelf across from us. It is being controlled and its life energies slowly consumed by something immense beneath us.There is a cave known as the Undershell down below L'ghorek. In that cave are three powerful ogre magi that are maintaining a ritual connecting the thing below with the ancient. You must kill these three to disconnect L'ghorek."
"Explorers' League Document (6 of 6) : The document bears the Explorers' League crest and contains detailed assessments of the various threats present within Loch Modan. Sooty smudges lead you to believe it was likely stolen by the Dark Iron spies in the area.You recall mention of missing documents at the Explorers' League building in Thelsamar."
"Murder Was The Case That They Gave Me : Here's the deal, kid, we've got a full-blown murder on our hands. Double homicide... Single horse... icide.Worse yet, we're in Westfall. I could throw a rock behind me and hit a dozen hobos with motive enough to want to wipe these people (and horse) out.Now I don't know who did this and I sure don't appreciate having to come to this dump to investigate the deaths of a couple of squatters, but I'll be damned if I don't find the perp. You want to help? Go talk to some bums. The hobo... knows."
"Captain Sanders' Hidden Treasure : Sure enough, deep within the Old Jug there is another clue to Sanders' treasure.  The ink has run in some places and the paper smells like whiskey but you can make out some of the text:  Now that ye found me ol' whiskey jug, you're almost to the treasure!  Just face West from the bottle and walk down to the shore.  Once ye get to the water, keep going!  Swim straight west till you find the island with me treasure chest!"
"Unexpected Results : Something's wrong, <name>.  I sense the presence of Scourge.  Be ready to fight them!"
"The Brashtide Crew : The charts mention a group called the Brashtide Crew.  This name is new to you, though you've heard about a few other newcomers to the Buccaneers.Maybe it's time you paid them a visit and found out what they know."
"Panther Mastery : You've almost proven yourself to be a master hunter of panthers.  Yet there is one panther which has eluded your grasp.Songs are sung about a mighty panther by the name of Bhag'thera.  You will see if you can use your skills to kill the great beast.Bringing the Fang of Bhag'thera to Erlgadin should be proof enough that you are a master panther hunter."
""
"Full Circle : We've located the beast that destroyed our ships. It makes its lair in Tenebrous Cavern, a giant underwater cave bordering the Abyssal Breach.This time we're ready. The goblins have been proving their worth by making a vicious machine for us back at Bilgewater Harbor, and it's packing firepower that'll make that fiend wet itself.When the Verne pulls up to dock beside the ship, make your way on board and find a way to make yourself useful. We'll be right behind you."
"The Demon Chain : Narkrall revealed to me the secret of his influence over the drakes in this area. I thought the Demon Chain was a myth, but he's had it all along.And now the fool is about to lose it!His life is meaningless to me but the Dragonmaw can't afford to lose that artifact. Follow him north, up to Thundermar. The city will be in chaos, so you may be able to land undetected. Return to me with the Demon Chain, even if you have to remove it from Narkrall's corpse.Find that artifact, <name>!"
"In With a Bang : Our trade frigate's still all the way out there on the water, swarming with Gilblins! AHH!Sorry about that. But really! We need a way to get you out there and get back our stuff. There's quality goods left on that ship! QUALITY! LIKE MY MIDDLE NAME!Lucky for you, I have an idea! Head right outside the camp and check along the north wall... my son Jerry'll get you over there with our cannon! If he's been practicing, that is!"
"To Win a War, You Gotta Become War : <The Bravo Company radio beeps.>Do you understand yet, <name>? Do you now see what we gotta do to win a war against these monsters? YOU GOTTA BECOME WAR! NO MERCY!With the P.O.W.s freed you're clear to plant the seaforium. Carefully make your way into each of the structures out there and plant a charge.Plant a seaforium charge at the Blackrock munitions hut and the Blackrock tower. Once you're done meet up with me and the rest of Bravo Company at Shalewind Canyon, east of Render's Valley."
"Slaves to No One : I was one of the few that escaped, <name>.  When the Forsaken took over our town and our mine, they treated us with utmost cruelty.Those of us who were weak and could not endure hard labor were worked to death by the abomination known as Brothogg.My wife was among his victims, <class>, and I swore that one day her death would be avenged.  I am too frail now, but you can deliver justice... for my wife... for Gilneas!"
"The Troll Incursion : A group of trolls, claiming to represent the Darkspear tribe, have arrived at Stormwind Harbor.  Our guards are keeping them at bay, for now.The Stormwind Harbor Guards are seeking seasoned adventurers for help in removing the trolls from the harbor.  Report to Commander Sharp at Stormwind Harbor."
"Saving Yenniku : I have reshaped the Mind's Eye into a Soul Gem.  Its purpose is twofold: you must use it to stun Yenniku, and once stunned place it upon his head to entrap his soul.My suspicions that I spoke of earlier were correct: the spirits tell me that Yenniku dwells not with Zanzil the Outcast, but within the Ruins of Zul'Mamwe, to the southwest.  Once you have freed Yenniku's spirit, return to Nimboya at Grom'gol."
"Explorers' League Document (2 of 6) : The document bears the Explorers' League crest and seems to detail potential dig sites in Loch Modan. Sooty smudges lead you to believe it was likely stolen by the Dark Iron spies in the area.You recall mention of missing documents at the Explorers' League building in Thelsamar."
"Morbent's Bane : <The pieces fit, and the holy artifact is restored, gleaming with sacred light. This should let you defeat Morbent Fel's dark magic.><Further down the tunnel, away from the direction you came from, a heinous cackle rings out. It's the clattering laugh of a lich. Morbent Fel is just ahead!>"
"Bird is the Word : I've actually nearly perfected my dream machine: The Skystrider! The world's first flying Mechanostrider! But, wellWhen I was putting the finishing touches on it in my secret cavern lab, my other creations became, er, jealous. Giving mechanical birds a personality to begin with was probably a bad idea, but that's already done.I need the Supermechanical Robo-Widget from the original Skystrider if I want to rebuild it! Please, journey into the cave and retrieve it for me!"
"Checking on the Boys : I'm sure you've seen just how bad the damage to the Loch is by now. The damage spreads further than that, I'm afraid; all that water had to go somewhere, and it went down into the Wetlands.There's a lot of fine dwarves down there trying to help out, and they need supplies. That's why I sent two of my mountaineers ahead with a cask of ale along the path into the Wetlands.I haven't heard back from them since they set off down the road to Dun Algaz. Would you mind checking up on them?"
"Find the Lost Guards : A few days ago we sent two Guards, Rolf and Malakai, to investigate along the river, and they have not yet returned.  To complete my report, I must know what happened to those men.Travel north along the river and find the guards... or their remains."
"The Warden's Game : You see the statue split into two, then four, then eight identical statues in a square formation.You hear a voice, not through your ears, but in the back of your mind:   ""A true warden does not face OUTWARD, searching for signs of danger.  A true warden keeps his gaze INWARD, always focused on protecting his quarry.""Perhaps this is a riddle of some sort?"
"Onward to the Blasted Lands : We appreciate your assistance here in this swamp, <name>.  I would like to inform you that I have received correspondence from Nethergarde Keep.Enohar Thunderbrew has requested help in investigating the shipwrecks of the Red Reaches, but we have had none willing to make the journey, and I could not leave the Harborage.Nethergarde Keep sits in the Blasted Lands, south of the Swamp of Sorrows.  Do not journey too close to Stonard on your way."
"Raptor Mastery : Before returning to Nesingwary's Expedition, you will have to complete the impossible: hunt the raptor that no other hunter has been able to capture.  That beast goes by the name of Tethis, and he's been known to terrorize the southeastern corner of Northern Stranglethorn.Bringing Tethis' talon back to that dwarf hunter should be proof that you are no ordinary <race>."
"Explorers' League Document (5 of 6) : The document bears the Explorers' League crest and contains a detailed list of the artifacts excavated by Ironband's workers in southeastern Loch Modan. Sooty smudges lead you to believe it was likely stolen by the Dark Iron spies in the area.You recall mention of missing documents at the Explorers' League building in Thelsamar."
"Incendicite Ore : Thelgen Rock over yonder is something of a natural wonder. It's the only known source of incendicite in the world!The stuff's rare, highly sought, and ridiculously explosive. Hit it with a steel mining pick and you'll set off a fireworks show that'll put a room full of goblins to shame.Luckily, I've developed a spark-proof pick for such tasks. I'll loan it to you if you bring me back some incendicite ore, and I'll split you in on the profits, of course."
"Dropping the Hammer : Thanks to you and Iain, we've got enough riders together that we can take the fight back to the Twilight.We're trained to fight while ridin', but a second rider to handle the Stormhammer tends to be more efficient. I thought you might enjoy the honor.Pick your gryphon and join the fight. Best be quick about it though - we're aimin' to clear every last one of those Twilight off of those floatin' rocks before the hour's out."
"Setting An Example : The High-Shaman are in the buildings nearby, chanting and taunting, but not daring to approach me. These Kvaldir find their courage and strength only in the mist. They are a pitiful nuisance beneath the waves.I came bearing a message. If your ladyship has the time, bring a high-shaman to my feet that I might deliver this message to him and his people."
"WANTED: ""Hogger"" : Wanted: HoggerA huge gnoll, Hogger, is prowling the woods in southwestern Elwynn.  He has overpowered all attempts at his capture.The Stormwind Army has placed a generous bounty on the Gnoll.  To earn the reward, bounty hunters should venture into the woods and deal with the beast."
"On Her Majesty's Secret Service : Lorna Crowley, daughter of Lord Darius Crowley, is currently at the Gilneas Liberation Front camp, located near the Greymane Wall, to the southeast.Our primary mission is to infiltrate the camp and capture her alive. The Dark Lady believes that she will be able to use Lorna as a bargaining chip against Crowley. I say we just kill her and bring her back as Forsaken, but we must do as the Dark Lady commands.We must hurry before the rest of the Alliance forces arrive."
"Deactivate An'owyn : Their moon crystals are scrying devices -- they're going to spy on us! I know that An'daroth can't provide enough power for that, but An'owyn, directly to the south, most definitely can!From the plans I now have a basic knowledge of how these moon crystals work; enough to shut them down. They're keyed so that they can be turned off. You must go to An'owyn, retrieve the controlling orb from one of the night elves and then use it on the moon crystal to stop them from enacting their plan!Hurry, <class>!"
"Further Conversions : My plan to replace the damaged crystals on the erratic sentries has been a success.  We've managed to take the Sun's Reach Sanctum with their help.I've crafted new crystals that will bring more of them under our control; place them inside the hulls of defeated sentries.  We'll deploy them to other locations once they're converted."
"Welcome to Stormwind : Now that we are back in Stormwind, I need to deliver my mission report to King Wrynn.  In the meantime, I've asked Lindie to accompany you around the city. There's a lot to see and do in Stormwind, so feel free to explore at your leisure.  I'll send for you once I've delivered my report to the king."
""
"Someone Setup the Pumpkin Bomb : You ever seen one of these?<Brazie pulls out a pumpkin.>This ain't no ordinary pumpkin, friend. See, once you plant it they'll lay in wait until a zombie shows up and then KABLOOEY! Zombie guts all over the place. Let's go!"
"Assault on Menethil Keep : We'd barely pulled ourselves together after the flood when the Dark Iron hit the town. My men and I all rushed to defend the townsfolk, but the crazed fools retreated right into the keep itself.They're holed up good, and we can't destroy the keep. Not with half the town in ruins already.Take my place, <name>. I'd take the leader on myself if he hadn't dealt me this blow. Enter the keep, slay Horghast, and bring this to an end!"
"The Power of Corruption : The time has come at last.Deep within the cavernous underbelly of Karazhan lies a long-forgotten chamber. Based on what you learned from our demon friend, I believe this is where its mistress dwells.This demon's master must come from the highest ranks of the Burning Legion. This does not bode well for Karazhan.We need to secure Deadwind Pass, <name>.You must find this demon and destroy it."
"Dar'Khan's Lieutenants : The odious traitor, Dar'Khan, has risen to great power among the ranks of the Scourge.  His lieutenants command vast armies of undead against our dwindling numbers.Masophet the Black, Jurion the Deceiver, Borgoth the Bloodletter, Mirdoran the Fallen.  Learn these names well for in the Ghostlands these Scourge leaders are second only to Dar'Khan himself.  Slay them and their mindless armies will be thrown into disarray."
"Blackout : The Twilight Drakehunters used vicious implements to drag our circling drakes from the sky. Hooks that buried into their scales and held the Twilight secure while they brought our kin to the ground.We are past the point of peace. Past hope for their redemption. The only mercy we have left to offer the black flight is the oblivion that they so passionately pursue.Use these hooks to slay the Obsidian Pyrewings to the south. They should allow you much maneuverability in the air if used right."
"Grimscale Pirates! : Thank goodness for you, <class>! Those slimy Grimscale murlocs have pirated away my cargo! It's bad enough that the Wretched have stolen what little magical goods I had, but the murlocs took the rest! What has this land come to?Could you retrieve my cargo? I can't expect that you'd be able to get all of it back, but I'll be grateful for any of it at this point. It was the Grimscale murlocs in the huts, just to the west and south of the anchorage on the Golden Strand, I'm sure of it!"
"Portal Overload : I used to be the caretaker of the Earthen Ring's portals here. But while we were away helping to save Deepholm, the Twilight's Hammer moved in and corrupted the area.They're using powerful ascendants to guard our portals. That's where they've made a critical error.I want you to go to the portals and use the controllers to overload them. This will unleash all of the portal's energy, debilitating the ascendant. Slay it."
"Trol'kalar : The last sigil is mine...and with it, the four combine to the Sigil of Trollbane, key to the tomb. We are ready.Trol'kalar lies sealed with its master's remains, within Trollbane's tomb in the catacombs of Stromgarde. It will be defended heavily...but my presence before you is proof enough that the defenders can be overcome.Enter the tomb, retrieve Trol'kalar, and bring it here."
"Explorers' League Document (3 of 6) : The document bears the Explorers' League crest and contains historical records for all the notable locations in Loch Modan. Sooty smudges lead you to believe it was likely stolen by the Dark Iron spies in the area.You recall mention of missing documents at the Explorers' League building in Thelsamar."
"High Priest Venoxis : Venoxis was the second of the two priests that Zanzil planned to bring back from the dead.  You have already succeeded in destroying the body of High Priestess Jeklik... Venoxis must be the next."
"Journey to Undercity : This is quite extraordinary! It appears to be a gift to Lady Sylvanas Windrunner from her sister, Alleria!You must take it to her in the Undercity at once! The lady holds court in the Royal Quarter.To get there, use the orb of translocation in the Inner Sanctum of Sunfury Spire in Silvermoon City to cross over to the Undercity.  Once there, take the elevator ride down into the city proper. Use your maps if you need help finding the Royal Quarter."
"Overseer Idra'kess : My men are flagging, <name>.  We won't last much longer against these naga, I'm afraid.  With the Idra'kess' weapons, and Nespirah's pearls, we should be ready to bust out of here.Follow the wall northeast, and look for a ramp to the upper chamber.  I assume their leader is in there, or perhaps the key to Nespirah's awakening.  Hopefully both.If you feel strong enough, head up to the top of the shell and look for some answers.  Hellscream's eyes are upon you!"
"To Moonbrook! : We have had a camp near Moonbrook for quite some time now, <name>. One of my best soldiers works the area along with a company of Sentinel Hill troopers. Report to Captain Alpert now and find out if he has any news about the happenings in Moonbrook.Another ally of mine is also at the Moonbrook camp. His name is Thoralius. I met Thoralius in Northrend during my time in Valgarde. He is a wise and powerful shaman. Perhaps his abilities could help us solve this mystery."
"Zul'Marosh : Come closer, mon.  Don't be 'fraid, Ven'jashi not gonna hurt you.Us Darkspears be mortal enemies of the Amani just like you.  Their boss Zul'Marosh is evil troll.  He give me the bad poison and leave me in this cage to die.I not scared of dyin', mon.  I seen death in the eye an' I laugh at her.I cannot die in peace yet, mon.  Not 'til Zul'Marosh be dead too.  You find him 'cross the lake in Zeb'Watha.  I hold this poison off 'til you bring me his big ugly head, mon.  Only then I die peacefully."
"Pamela's Doll : My auntie Marlene told me to stay here in our house because my father had to go and fight.  My father's the bravest man in the whole world!But I've been here for a long time, and he hasn't come for me.  Sometimes bad people come and whisper to me and I want my dad to make them go away, but he's not here!And sometimes when it gets dark I want to play with my doll but I can't because I left it in town.Will you find my doll for me?"
"Mok'rash the Cleaver : Mok'rash the Cleaver is the last of the lot.  And the largest, by my memory.  Taller than a wave in a windstorm, with a beard like a kelp forest and a hammer like an oak tree.He taunts me from Janeiro's Point, the island right off the end of this very pier.  It's because of him that I'm still trapped here, living this lamentable landlubber's life.If you can swim, then head out to Janeiro's Point and slay Mok'rash.Take care, <name>.  Mok'rash will not lay down as easily as his brothers."
"Follow That Cat : The real Mauti has run off with Grent Direhammer, but being the wise hunter that he is, he has fired flares off so you can track him.  Find Direhammer before it's too late!"
"The Way is Open : My fellow Shaman and I will stay here to keep the portal open.You should go upstairs and notify Kurdran that the work here is done. It'll please him to hear some good news for once."
"Favored Skull : Your pet raptor seems to have found a new toy: a skull, from a nearby troll skull pile.What sets this skull apart from the rest is beyond you, but for some reason, she won't put it down.Nimboya at Grom'gol Base Camp seems to be somewhat of a skull expert, judging by the skull piles he keeps.  Maybe he'll have some idea what makes this one so special."
"Baelog, the Glass Cannon : Before I start droppin' arrows on those dragons, I'd better introduce myself.I'm Baelog, the muscle of this group.  My sword bites like a crocolisk, and my arrows sing like banshees.  I tend to wear down quickly, however, and can't take as much punishment as either of my two brothers.You give the word, and I'll send an aimed shot right through your target's heart.  I can also cheer my brothers on, sending 'em into a battle-fueled frenzy.Why don't we go try fighting together?"
"Manhunt : If the ""Collector"" is taking gold from our mines then he's stealing from the kingdom!  Bring the Collector to justice, and bring me the ring mentioned in the pickup schedule you gave me.  It may tell us whom the Collector is working for...That Pickup Schedule says the Collector is hiding out at the Brackwell Pumpkin Patch.  You should search for him there."
"Tiger Mastery : Legends speak of an elusive tigress... a feline so powerful that she dwarfs even the elder males.  The hunters at Nesingwary's Expedition have hunted for her without success.  Many of them have fallen prey to her raking claws, their bodies now decaying at the foot of her hill, north of Grom'gol.They call the beast Sin'Dall.You resolve to do what no <race> has done before: hunt, kill, and claim the paw of Sin'Dall."
""
"Mistmantle's Revenge : I'm afraid I cannot give Tobias the answers he seeks. But I can help you find the only person who can...Stalvan Mistmantle.Take the ring into the woods to the north, to Manor Mistmantle, where Stalvan's body was buried. Enter, and hold the ring before you. Let the waning moon pour its light through the ring, and the spirits will answer your call.Take heed, <name>. The questions of the living can offer more comfort than the answers of the dead."
"Eric, the Utility Dwarf : Before we get too crazy what with the dragon-killin', let me tell you a little bit about how I fight.""The Swift"" is what they call me, and here's why: I'll dash straight into your enemies - helmet first, mind you - and stun 'em for a few seconds.  I also keep a few potions with me for tight spots.Why don't we practice fightin' together?  Head out into the field, and try out my abilities."
"Enter the Dragon Queen : Hello, <race>. I wish we could meet in more favorable circumstances. The world hangs by a thread, and all that the Titans have wrought may be in jeopardy.It saddens me greatly, but my judgment is final. Deathwing - the horrific creature that was once the Earth Warder and once my friend - must be destroyed.I have prepared a site atop the Highlands, to the west of the Vermillion Redoubt, where I can bring about his end. Seek out the Circle of Life and speak with Lirastrasza within. I will join you there."
"Blood and Thunder! : The time has come to make our stand, <race>.We'll defend this ship to our last breath, and make these naga scum think twice before approaching it again!For the Horde!"
"Return to Sentinel Hill : The Defias Brotherhood are not a force to be taken lightly, <name>. What you witnessed was the birth of a ruthless organization of criminals that will stop at nothing to see Stormwind turned to rubble.I need you to return to Sentinel Hill and let Gryan know that we are sending him troops. I hope it's not too late."
"The Warchief Cometh : You're just in time, <name>nub. It is <name>nub, right?<Grand Executor Mortuus looks at a sheet of paper.>Yes, that's what the paperwork says: ""<name>nub.""<Grand Executor Mortuus points to your name on the sheet of paper.>Where was I? Oh yes, you're just in time! The Warchief should be arriving at any moment to meet with our leader and savior, the Dark Lady herself. Just stand by and be at your best behavior. I expect that when this demonstration is over we will all receive commendations!"
"Breaking the Keystone : Opening the Stones of Binding loosened much of my confinement, but a lock still holds me chained.  It is the Keystone you see among this circle of stones.  And the key is held by one of my captors, the stone watcher Fozruk.You must obtain that key, which the stone watchers call the Rod of Order, from Fozruk and use it to open the Keystone.<name>, you have done so much to aid me.  Just a little more...and my gratitude will shake the very foundations of the earth!"
"Look To The Stars : My gnomish friend, Cog, has promised to help me build a device which will let me peer towards the stars. According to Cog's blueprint, what I need first is a way to reflect light.I remember a woman by the name of Mary who became well known around these parts for always carrying a looking glass.  Perhaps you can track Mary down and see if she might lend us a reflective surface for this project?  I believe she once resided in southern Duskwood. . ."
"A Distracting Scent : Predators will smell these dead naga from nearly a mile away. Soon we'll find ourselves fighting just to get in and out of the cave. Care to help me clean up?Just over the ridge to the south is Glimmerdeep Gorge. If you drag the corpses from the eastern exit of the cave over there to the gorge and cut them loose, the wildlife will pick them clean before they hit the sea floor. Just steer clear of the sharks as much as you can."
"Showdown at Stonewatch : Only the Blackrock high command remains, <name>. They're all holed up in Stonewatch Keep, directly south of our position here at Keeshan's Post. I want you and the rest of Bravo Company to enter Stonewatch and put an end to the Blackrock orc invasion.<name>, no survivors."
"Nobody to Blame but Myself : This is my fault.  I... I ignored his warnings, his complaints, everything.  I couldn't help myself - I saw those Scourge just beyond the tower, and I... I HAD to go kill them.Argus says that Gidwin was taken northwest, and that's our only lead, so that's where we'll head.Northdale and the Argent Crusade be damned!  We're getting Gidwin back from those Scourge trash."
""
"Extinguish the Fires : The Dark Iron attack took us by surprise. Their saboteurs managed to damage most of our aircraft, steam tanks, and supplies. We were only able to get a few of our bombers airborne.Every technician, recruit, and guard I can spare is  scrambling to get the others repaired and flight-ready. Our infantry can only hold out for so long. Take this equipment and help extinguish the burning bombers."
"WANTED: James Clark : By decree of the Stormwind Army, a bounty has been placed on the head of James Clark.Clark is wanted for robbery, burglary, arson, and murder. He is also a suspect in the kidnapping and disappearance of the Brackwell's prized pig, Princess.James Clark was last seen heading towards Eastvale Logging Camp.Bring James Clark to justice and report to Marshal Patterson at Eastvale Logging Camp."
"Worgen in the Woods : Darkness seems drawn inexorably to Duskwood. Master Carevin's quest is the expulsion of evil and heresy. Through our efforts are the people of Darkshire kept safe.You believe yourself worthy to join us?I once thought as you. Disillusioned by the complacency of the Watch, I joined Master Carevin. If you wish to prove yourself, it will not be through words.Test your skills against the Nightbane worgen in Brightwood Grove. We'll see if you have what it takes to hunt these monsters."
"To Bambala : Da first place we check gonna be da place most likely to be attacked first, Bambala.Bambala be dangerously close to da troll city Zul'Gurub... It make for an easy target.Maybe we find da emissary dere.  Hopefully it ain't too late."
"Kum'isha's Endeavors : A glimmering sphere sits before you.  You sense that this item would be of great value to someone within the Blasted Lands."
"A Little Dash of Seasoning : I'm on loan to the Farstriders in an attempt to help with their troll difficulties. I believe that I have a solution to their problem.At my disposal are a number of potent poisons. The trolls, as you know, are living creatures and therefore must eat. If we combine my poison with their food... well, I'm sure that the results will be entertaining!Care to help rid us of the Shadowpine trolls at Zeb'Nowa to the south? The camp straddles both the north and south sides of the road to Zul'Aman."
"Arm the Wards! : We've succeeded in reactivating the crystal wards around the sanctum, but why stop there?  We'll build defenses around the other structures, but the Wretched are stubborn and continue to steal power from the crystal wards.Hunt them down and get the mana remnants they carry.  Use the remnants to energize the sanctum wards; the safety of our operation depends on it."
"The Halls of the Dead : <In front of you, the bare earth slopes down towards the dark entrance to the crypts.><You can feel the tug of the lightforged artifact urging you towards it. Perhaps the other piece is down there?>"
"Livin' the Life : Listen, I really shouldn't be talkin' to you, but I owe Horatio a favor or two. I don't really know nothin' about what happened to the Furlbrows, but I might be able to point you in the right direction.<Lou hands you a large crate.>That crate used to be my home before I struck it rich. Now I'm livin' the life every hobo dreams of!Right, so you take that there livin' crate and head to the Jangolode Mine, southwest of here. Head to the back of the mine and once there, hide in the crate."
"Hero's Call: Redridge Mountains! : While the situation here is dire, other parts of the region are literally quaking from the great upheaval.I have here a report from Watch Captain Parker of Redridge Mountains, one of our territories east of Elwynn Forest. He is asking for a hero to come to their aid.We are spread so thin here that I don't know how we can afford to send anymore military. Would you check on Parker and see what he needs? You will find Watch Captain Parker atop the tower at Three Corners."
"Deaths in the Family : The Agamand family was the most prosperous family in Tirisfal Glades.  I used to work their mills...before the plague.When the Scourge first came, the Agamands fortified their home and convinced those in their employ to remain and help them defend.  We were fools, but at least we were loyal fools.The Agamands, in their pride, doomed us to undeath.  And now they are minions of the Scourge!Serve the Forsaken by defeating the Agamands who fell to the plague.  Serve me by bringing me their remains."
"Attracting Attention : Swabbie <name>!  This is a sad day fer ol' Cap'n Keelhaul.  Today I lose m'best swabbie.A letter's come in from Fleet Master Firallon.  Apparently he's heard about the excellent swabbin' y'been doin', and he wants t'take ye aboard the Crimson Veil as his Jack o' Swords and third mate.  She's moored just next t'the Riptide.Piracy career-wise, this's a big step fer ye, Swabbie <name>.  I recommend y'take his offer.Dismissed!"
"The Defense of Grom'gol: Raptor Risk : Throm'ka, <class>!Your arrival at Grom'gol is timely, indeed.  Our mission to provide a safe chain of supply to Stonard is being hampered by some of the local inhabitants.I am putting you in charge of eliminating the raptor population outside of Grom'gol, just to the north.  Don't worry about the raptors themselves... those wretched Nesingwary hunters will take care of them.I want you to destroy their eggs."
"Return to Keeshan : Well I suppose I'm done with you here.  I'll go shoo those other warlocks out when I build up the courage.Here, don't forget those supplies."
"A Refugee's Quandary : I was on my way to join my fellow gnomes at Gnomeregan, but then it all went so horribly wrong!I left Anvilmar, bags packed and wading through waist-deep snow.  Then we had this ridiculous earthquake, and I got all turned around.  I ended up here, and what's worse: the trolls stole all my stuff!<name>, I've obviously proven myself to be quite incompetent over the last day and a half.  Would you mind infiltrating the troll camps southwest of here and returning my stuff to me?"
"Down In Thelgen Rock : I'm feeling slightly less wobbly now, so I'm going to start setting up the level for my final measurements here. There's one last thing I need from you.There's a seismograph set up deep within Thelgen Rock to record any movements in the earth. If things have been continuing to shift since the cataclysm, this'll tell us.The seismograph's at the very bottom of the cave; find it and bring the record it's created back to me."
"The Spearcrafter's Hammer : The Amani and the sin'dorei have a long history of mutual dislike and open hostility.  That doesn't prevent me from appreciating a fellow craftsman's work, <name>.I've come across pieces of Amani weaponry and I must admit I'm impressed by the quality of their work.  It is rumored that Spearcrafter Otembe wields a magical hammer that is so light and well-balanced it allows him to work with great dexterity and efficiency.If you bring me this tool I'll use it to craft you a weapon."
"Rise, Forsaken : Fenris Isle stands defiantly at the heart of Lordamere Lake - a cruel memory of a time long since passed.Though no longer infested by gnoll vermin, a new threat has emerged.  Human refugees, driven from their holdings in Hillsbrad, have fled to Fenris Isle in hopes of escaping defeat at our hands. A critical error on their part.You are to take Agatha with you to Fenris Isle and slaughter all humans. She will raise the fallen as Forsaken, bolstering our forces in the process.Do not fail me, <name>."
"Hero's Call: Western Plaguelands! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Thassarian at Andorhal.On the heels of our early victories in Andorhal, the Forsaken have decided to launch a counterattack. Your help is needed to beat back the Scourge and Horde and reclaim lost Andorhal.To reach Andorhal, travel north through the Hillsbrad Foothills and follow the road beyond Chillwind Camp.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Triumphant Return : Return to Lakeshire and let Solomon know that the Blackrock invasion has been stopped. Make sure he understands the cost at which our freedom came - that we lost five of our finest heroes to save Redridge and ultimately, Stormwind.You are the last surviving member of Bravo Company, <name>. It is up to you to keep its legacy alive.Dismissed."
"The Bloodsail Buccaneers : You sure seem eager to work, matey.  Not sure why some land-loving <race> <class> is offering help to the Blackwater Raiders, but I'm not going to turn you away.We've made Booty Bay our happy home away from the high seas, but word has it that the Bloodsail have some new plan cooked up.  All me boys are too busy hitting the grog and looking for ladies!  What I need is a scout.Check the cove just north of Booty Bay along the Savage Coast and see what you find."
"Saurfang Will be Pleased : The portal is ready!It's not powerful enough to transport an army, but we can maintain the connection long enough to allow important individuals to pass back and forth.Saurfang will want to know about our progress here. Walk through the portal to Orgrimmar, then deliver the news him."
"Corruption Runs Deep : Today you learn that no one can be trusted in times of war, Wakener. Even those closest to the Klaxxi are susceptible to corruption.Who knows how long this traitor has been corrupted. He must be destroyed!You appear confused. Do you not see the traitor in our midst? Allow me to adjust your vision."
""
"Riverpaw Gnoll Bounty : Gnolls, brutish creatures with no decent business in these lands, have been seen along the borders of Elwynn Forest.  A large pack of them, many more than we can handle alone, have infested the woods south of the guard tower yonder.  Another group has infested the areas near Stone Cairn Lake to the east.The Stormwind Army will commend whomever helps kill them.  Bring me their painted gnoll armbands as proof of your deed."
"Wanted! Marez Cowl : A bounty has been placed on the head of Marez Cowl, a high-level advisor and operative of the Syndicate.  She was last seen within the Syndicate controlled territory of Stromgarde.Bounty may be collected from Captain Nials.Be warned: Marez is a skilled and cunning warlock, known for her trafficking with demons.  Extreme caution is advised when hunting her."
"Final Judgment : Get to the bridge on the east, quickly. Lady Naz'jar and the Fathom-Lord should be there with whatever forces remain.Follow our Lady's direction, as always. Hold the bridge until we can complete the ritual.Once our allies arrive, the Kvaldir will be doomed."
"Neither Human Nor Beast : It is time, <name>.  This... alchemy that has kept the beast inside you at bay will not last for long.The first cursed worgen were night elf druids like our new allies.  They, however, abandoned the balance that the rest of their kind embraced and allowed the beast to take over their minds.It is only fitting that their brethren be the ones that deliver us from the Curse.  Go, <class>.  Drink from the waters of Tal'doren and make peace with yourself."
"Thorium Point: The Seat of the Brotherhood : Did... did you see that?  This is the missing piece we've been looking for!  We have to take this information back to someone at Thorium Point.The Dark Irons have been known to consort with the firelord in the past, but never before have they brought their kind this far out into Searing Gorge.Thorium Point is west and north of here.  You will find it nestled in the cliffs that overlook Pyrox Flats.  Take this information straight to Overseer Oilfist."
"Just a Drop in the Bucket : Now, mix a tiny amount of rot into the water, and mix thoroughly.  There, that's it.  This solution will still be very powerful, and we only need a little bit of it.On the lake's southeastern border, you will find a plague cauldron with several cultists nearby.  Put on your cultist disguise, then approach the cauldron and put in ONE DROP of the solution you made.  No more, or you may risk your very life!"
"Duty Calls : Hear me, <race>.Duty requires that you return to Azeroth. Every able person is to report to the Sunwell Plateau immediately.I'm afraid I have no more information to share, except this:You'll be joining forces with the Aldor for this mission. Speak with a draenei by the name of Larethor when you arrive.Apparently, the situation calls for us to set our differences aside and join forces.Prepare yourself, friend. This sounds serious."
"The Fate of Kurzen : Hello, <class>.We are soldiers of Stormwind, and rebels from Kurzen's Compound, a large outpost that you'll find just to the southeast of here.  We were under the command of Colonel Kurzen, until he and those close to him started to descend into madness...We rebelled, set up camp here, and stood against Kurzen.  Now, my sources are telling me Kurzen has disappeared.  I trust my source, but it would help to hear from a third party.  Please, head into the compound and find some documentation of his fate."
"Kliklak's Craw : You are pleasantly surprised to find that after being mangled and masticated by a sea crab, this map is still quite legible.It clearly indicates that a footlocker was buried in the Kelp'thar Forest behind a gigantic mollusk.A well-drawn sketch on the back of the map shows that the owner, along with his key, was eaten by an overgrown crustacean named Kliklak."
"A Vision of the Past : This incense will put your body and mind in a deep meditative state. Once the trance begins you will be pulled into the spirit world. Do not fight the trance once it has begun, <name>. Allow the spirits to show you what they know.You must leave now. Go to the Deadmines, a place which I am told holds great significance in the history of Westfall. Once inside, use the incense.You may enter the Deadmines through the old farmhouse south of here. Follow the homeless. Return to Gryan with your discovery."
"Situation at Sunsail Anchorage : Sunsail Anchorage has been overrun by Wretched scum.  As soon as we manage to get reinforcements to the area we'll show those thugs who's boss, <name>.In the meantime you can help by showing them a bit of discipline.  Go in there and show them we are not to be trifled with.  You will find Sunsail Anchorage just to the west of Fairbreeze Village."
"Stones of Binding : Four Stones of Binding are scattered throughout Arathi.  These stones keep me pinned beneath the earth.To unlock them you must unlock the strongest: the Stone of Inner Binding.  And to do that, you must gather keys from the other three.These stones are watched by guardians, but if you are clever, or lucky, you may find ways to banish them."
"The Lady's Necklace : The necklace shimmers, a remarkable piece of jewelry that doesn't seem to succumb to the gloom that permeates the Ghostlands. Given the inscription, and where you found it, it must be the lost property of Lady Sylvanas Windrunner herself!Perhaps it would be best to first take it to High Executor Mavren at Tranquillien? He seems to be the highest ranking Forsaken in the area and is sure to know what to do with it."
"And Last But Not Least... Danforth : Danforth's being tortured on the other side of the cave. There's no telling what state he's in by now! We need to get over there and save him!Overlord Barbarius has the key to the lever holding Danforth up. We work together as a team and we can kill that bastard, Barbarius. Once Barbarius is dead, we use his key to get Danforth down and get out of here!Ready?"
"Stormpike's Delivery : The Stormpikes are a respected dwarven clan, and are well known for their fine and discerning tastes.  So it's no wonder that Gringer Stormpike, a Mountaineer of Ironforge, commissioned me to craft him a weapon.The weapon is finished, but... Mountaineer Stormpike is far away, in distant Loch Modan.  If you plan on traveling to the north, can you deliver this package to him?My last message from Mountaineer Stormpike said he's stationed at the northern guard tower in Loch Modan."
"Axis of Awful : Alright, now just shut yer gob and lemme talk, 'cause here's the plan.Those gnolls and murlocs are liable to be meetin' out there somewhere. So you take this clever plant disguise of mine, and you wear it and look like a plant. Then you sneak up on 'em, and you throw this scent pheromone you gathered on the mosshide standin' with the murlocs.Then the murlocs'll flip their spit, and the mosshides will think twice about trying to work with such crazy lil' buggers!"
"The Endless Flow : Araj the Summoner is bolstering the Scourge defenses with simple skeletons... an army of weaklings that will overwhelm you before it overpowers you.  He has assembled animi within Andorhal's northern towers that spew these skeletons out at an alarming rate.  But I've got the solution!<Lang passes you a handful of grenades.>Their function is simple.  Throwing these grenades at a bone animus... or, for that matter, a mob of skeletons... will reduce them to splinters."
"The Hungry Ettin : Listen, <name>.  We're not going to make it very far without transportation, are we?If we just hightail it out of here, the forsaken will catch up to us in no time at all.Rounding up some horses from the stable grounds southeast of here would normally be a breeze, but there's one snag.That last quake must've spooked Koroth, the ettin, down from the mountains.  If we don't get our horses soon, I fear that he will."
"Welcome to Highbank! : Welcome to the highlands, soldier. You're here just in time.Horde troops just launched an assault from the air. Step up and do something about it. Clear them out!"
"Transdimensional Warfare: Chapter III : <Sylvanas speaks directly through you.>You must find the being responsible for keeping this dimensional pocket active. Likely that fool, Ataeric... Search the compound for him. Should you find him, do what you must to stop him from channeling his magic. He is undoubtedly protected by a powerful arcane shield, and will send minions of arcane energy after you.  Defeat the minions while they are near him to unleash their energies.  No mage can handle that much power!"
"Serpents and Poison : Da warning helped, <name>.We gathered more Headhunters to help defend.  But Headhunters... Dey not used to hunting heads on serpents.  So we soon be overwhelmed.  Dese serpents, dey seem to come from everywhere.  An' it probably only gonna get worse.Help us and kill da serpents and have Bwemba use her mojo to cure da ones dat are sick from poison."
"Honor and Strength : My name is Vex'tul, and I have watched you fight, <race>.  You are strong.You killed my master, Zaeldarr, but this does not bother me.  I value strength over any loyalty that I held for him.  I value strength over anything else.Prove to me one final time your strength, <race>.  Do so, and I will lend you MY strength for whatever purpose you may desire."
"Tainted Arcane Sliver : You've found an odd sliver of crystallized mana on the corpse of the tainted arcane wraith.  The sliver is different than others you may have seen in that it is as dark and sinister-looking as the wraith you looted it from.  Just holding it gives you a sense of unnatural foreboding.Arcanist Helion at the gazebo of the Sunspire on Sunstrider Isle just might be someone who would have a use for the sliver."
"Far from the Nest : Look... I know you have no reason to be fond of me, just as I'm not terribly fond of you, but I need any help I can get.Our eggs are being stolen by these Twilight invaders. I have no doubt that they want to take them back to Grim Batol to experiment on and pervert. I will NOT let that happen.If you truly do want to help us, stop them! Recover the eggs. Bring them back to me."
"Skullcrusher the Mountain : It was a trap! Cho'gall lured you in with the Hammer of Twilight so that his gronn could finish you off.Survive and slay Skullcrusher the Mountain!"
"Warchief's Command: Blasted Lands! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Okrilla at Dreadmaul Hold.Okrilla, commander of the Horde forces at Dreadmaul Hold, requires your help to secure the outpost against rebellious ogres and the forces of the Alliance.Travel to Dreadmaul Hold by taking the road south from the Swamp of Sorrows.Destiny calls!"
"Okrilla and the Blasted Lands : I have one final dispatch to deliver to you, <name>.  It comes from Dreadmaul Hold, to the south, in the Blasted Lands.Warmatron Okrilla is waging battle against the Alliance forces of Nethergarde Keep, and she needs the assistance of a stout <class>.  You immediately sprung to mind.Travel south into the Blasted Lands, then head west.  Good luck, <name>."
"First Blood : Be prepared, <name>. You will cast the first blood upon this land for us.The Syndicate, as they call themselves, are cowardly humans who betray even their own kind. Their isolation will make them easy prey.Travel north, slay any Syndicate members you find, and claim Northfold Manor in the name of the Forsaken. Bring me the Bloodstone Amulets they wear as proof of your conquest."
"Unbinding : Look, if there's one thing I know, it's elementals. I've been able to really gain an appreciation for how they feel. Let me tell you, they don't appreciate being enslaved one bit!So, what I'm saying here is that if you were to free the enslaved elementals, I'm sure that not only would they show their gratitude, they'd also likely turn on their masters.Sounds like a win-win to me, <name>."
"Attack of the Iron Horde : We received reports of the Dark Portal turning red right before the attack. They call themselves the Iron Horde.Their army is extremely well equipped, and their numbers appear to be unending.They have already taken Okril'lon Hold and Nethergarde Keep. Our troops on the frontlines could use your help, <class>."
"Yetimus the Yeti Lord : For years the mountain yeti of this region have been allowed free reign. Our complacency in dealing with the yeti menace has resulted in an aberration! Yetimus, lord of all yetis, has grown to a size and strength that our guard simply cannot handle. We fear that should his appetite lead him near Tarren Mill he would devour us all.Gather a party of suitable adventurers and dispatch the beast. He roams the countryside to the west.Bring me one of his horns and I will reward you handsomely."
"WANTED: The Dark Iron Spy : A dark iron spy has infiltrated the town, stolen documents from the Explorers' League establishment, and is now in hiding somewhere nearby. He was last sighted near the top of the hill to the south of town.A sizable reward awaits anyone who can bring this spy to justice. Dead or alive - dead preferred."
"Joining the Alliance : We have a duty, <name>.It is our responsibility to spread the Tushui philosophy beyond the edges of the Wandering Isle... and there is no better place to start doing that than here: Stormwind City, heart of the Alliance.Let's find out who their leader is. We need allies."
"Northfold Manor : We are fighting a war for Stromgarde, and we are losing.  The ogres, the Syndicate and we have divided our once great city, and each faction battles the other into a bloody stalemate.But our forces dwindle while our enemy grows.Though Southshore has fallen, we must not let any further ground be yielded to our enemies.Go to the Syndicate base in Northfold Manor and slay them. We must reclaim the land for ourselves before the Horde has a chance to creep further."
"Just Hatched : While looking through this soldier's possessions, you look down to see a newborn raptor hatchling looking back up at you.  Was it following this Kurzen militiaman the whole time?You can see it studying you, learning your features and following your movements.The lashtail hatchling has formed a bond with you.Perhaps someone back at the Rebel Camp will know what to do with a raptor hatchling."
"Morgan Ladimore : <He searches through the shelves and comes up with a leatherbound book.>If you would like to know more, you might ask Althea, she's been the one to handle the... trouble... with him of late."
"Recruitment : We've been shipping in dead bodies from Silverpine, Hillsbrad... hell, anywhere we can get them from.  We can't, however, afford to ignore the bodies which are sitting right on our front doorstep.The last vestiges of the Scarlet Crusade roam here in Tirisfal Glades.  While we've managed to push them from Deathknell, several of their bodies litter the buildings to the north and the east.Go find them... and bring that Darnell fellow with you.  He looks strong enough to carry a few corpses."
"""I TAKE Candle!"" : Back before those damned kobolds gave me a permanent limp I used to be William Pestle's number one candle supplier. Hell, I even came up with the line ""I TAKE CANDLE!"" Yea, that was me. Kobold would say ""You no take candle!"" and I'd just respond ""I TAKE CANDLE!"" and then bash their brains in!<Jimb drifts off for a second.>Good times... The best times.Now? Can't even use the bathroom without assistance. You want to help me? Kill me some kobolds. You'll find a good load of 'em in the nearby mine."
"Reclaiming the Ramparts : With the ley lines protected we must move to secure the tower's perimeter.Around the tower are several locations where corruption continues to run rampant. Seek out these locations and secure them with these wards.With the progress we've made so far, bolstering our defenses should keep the remaining Legion's forces at bay just long enough for us to discover who's behind their efforts."
"Learning the Ropes : Ah, it's good to be back in Northridge!  I've got my mill, my beautiful wife, a bouncing baby boy... I've even put in my hat with the Argent Crusade.  We'll be supplying Tirion's forces with lumber.My lumberjacks were being exceptionally productive, too... up until the point when the spiders came.  Now they refuse to go any deeper in the woods.Maybe you can help me out.  Hop on one of my horses and use it to frighten those spiders.  Maybe we can avoid bloodshed and just scare them away."
"The Sanctum of the Sun : You've proven your loyalty to Tranquillien and have helped us defend it against the threat of the Scourge.  Some of our most powerful magisters have come from Silvermoon to help us take the fight to the enemy's doorstep.They've rebuilt the arcane sanctum to the south and have driven the Scourge away from the surrounding area.  They plan to launch an offensive into Deatholme, Dar'Khan's stronghold.  You would do well to join them, <name>.  I'm sure they can make use of a seasoned <class> like yourself."
"Neptool's Revenge : No number of naga deaths will bring back the Rockpool tribe, but any amount of revenge will help the spirits of my people rest more easily.Many of the more powerful Bloodwash have set up a fortress in the caverns to the northwest.  Slay them, in the name of the Rockpool.  The remaining Bloodwash have erected gladiatorial pools and Azsh'ir altars on our beach, where they pit my people against one another and worship their false god.  Slay them, in the name of the Tidehunter."
"Discretion is Key : We must destroy all of the evidence, <name>! Did I say evidence? I meant crazed undead! Anyway, discretion is key. We must not let the rampaging undead make it out of the Sludge Fields and no one outside of this institution must know about what happened here!Directly southeast of here in what used to be the old mushroom farm you'll find a reanimated fiend known as Citizen Wilkes and his cohort, Clerk Horrace Whitesteed. They have been causing huge problems for my guards. Find them and kill them!"
"Onward to Thelsamar : You've helped us quite a bit here. If you're leaving, I'd ask you to take this status report up to Thelsamar.Follow the road just north, and you can't miss it. Mountaineer Kadrell will want the report."
"Look at the Size of It! : Well, well, well... Isn't this a surprise. The Chambermaid had a gigantic ornate pillow and now it's yours. Evonice Sootsmoker will definitely want to get her grubby little hands all over this item. Take it to her and see if she'll offer you any goodies for your trouble."
"Hot On the Trail: Murlocs : As pointless as I think that this is going to be, we need to investigate all of our leads.I need you to head out to the Longshore, west of here, on the coast, and shake up some murlocs. Try to find a clue or some info that can help shed some light on the murders.Return to me if you get lucky, rookie."
"Captain Kelisendra's Lost Rutters : Interesting... what you have found here is a water-proofed, leather tube containing a number of sheets of parchment. By the markings upon them, the pages are clearly navigation rutters, and each bears the signature of one Captain Kelisendra.You've heard of a small, defended camp just east of the nearby Sunsail Anchorage. Maybe the captain is there?"
"Into the Flames : This is the last time you will see me, <name>.  I am leaving the caravan.If you want to continue fighting by my side, hang on to Thresh'jin's body.  I can wait for a while longer.  When you are ready to say goodbye, throw the body into the bonfire atop Zul'Mashar's ziggurat.Thank you for your companionship, <name>.  You were strong."
"Silver Tide Hollow : Most of the other Earthen Ring that escaped the massacre on the boats have taken shelter in a cave a short swim down from the ridge. It's tucked midway up a huge rock formation, west of Nespirah, the gigantic shell on the horizon.  I need you to make sure they're okay. There's no telling how many naga might have attacked them as well.I'm going to hunt down that Fathom-Lord. I'll send word if I find the rock he's hiding under."
"Vengeful Heart : These are the naga that took our people. I only need one to interrogate, kill the rest.Show no mercy, <class>, for they would surely show us none."
"Devout Assembly : Ah, Battlemaiden. You carry with you the word and the will of our Lady. I might ask a favor of you...I need Fathom-Caller Azrajar and my Tide Priestesses to return so that we can begin the ritual. Can you carry my will to them as such? You should find them spread upon the temple terrace. Azrajar will be at the stairs to the north."
"The Westfall Brigade : We were once known as the People's Militia. These days, though, we fight under the banner of Stormwind, with the full support of King Anduin Wrynn. Our goals here in Westfall are many: to clean up the mess left behind by the Defias, to expand the reach of the Alliance and to maintain order. So far we are failing on all fronts.Times are worse now than when the Defias ran amok. Now with the indigenous gnolls of the region up in arms, we find ourselves backed into a corner. Help us, <name>!"
"Lost in the Darkness : Some would say that we are lucky to be alive. Those people would be idiots. At least had we died we would not have had to face the Warchief's wrath. Alas, what's done is done! Now we must attempt to regain our lost honor.The third ship in our fleet sank off the coast of the Skittering Dark, northwest of here. Those that made it to shore quickly found themselves swarmed by the giant spiders of the area and encased in webbing.If there are survivors we must free them! Go, <name>! To the Skittering Dark!"
"Scrapped Golems : We keep golems here, as guards.  The dwarves to our north also keep golems, but I'm not sure why.Mainly just for killin', I suppose.We could use some spare parts for our own golems, so here's what yer gonna do: kill theirs, then look for any parts that might've fallen on the ground.  Salvage what ye can.  Ye probably won't be able to salvage everything, so choose carefully."
"Crisis at the Sunwell : By the naaru, I thank you, <race>, for your efforts.Our work is far from finished, however, and I must request that you undertake a critical mission - one as important as any I've issued.Our forces are spread thinly. To compound the strain, we've had to dispatch a contingent to Azeroth to investigate developments at the Sunwell Plateau.You are needed there, <name>. Report to Larethor. Tell him that I wish we could spare more men."
"Abuse of Power : <name>?  Eitrigg here.It sounds like you have earned Thorg'izog's trust, and he's assigned you to discipline duty.  This is fortunate.We need you to take out his sergeants.  You'll find them on wolfback, outside of the Blackrock Stronghold in the Fields of Honor.  Use that cudgel on them, several times, until they die.  You'll have to act fast, because if they realize you're not one of them, they can unmask you.  Strike quickly and ferociously, <name>."
"Headhunting : We must find if Yenniku is dead.Slay the Bloodscalps of Zuuldaia and take from them their shrunken heads.  You must gather many, many heads, and I will inspect them to make sure Yenniku's head is not among them.And if Yenniku was killed by the Bloodscalps, then may a 600-year curse fall on the spirit of their chief, Gan'zulah!Go, <name>.  You will find the heads at the ruins of Zuuldaia, along the coast to the north."
"The Altar of Naias : The salt you brought was sufficient to activate the bracers' innate enchantments.  I have taken these enchantments and combined them into a summoning token... a gift, if you will.Return to the Isle of Naias, and place the gift on Naias' altar.  Call me again once you have Naias' heart."
"Rhea Revealed : As I hinted earlier, I am no ordinary goblin.  You may have already guessed my true identity.Allow me to show you my true form.  As you have proven yourself trustworthy, I will also share with you the details of my plan."
"Traveling Companions : While we're waiting here at this tower, we might as well see if anybody else is headed to Light's Hope Chapel.  The more, the merrier, I say!Ask around to see if anybody wants to join us on our trip.  I'm sure you can find somebody who's headed to Light's Hope."
"Snapjaws, Lad! : I've got plans to brew up somethin' special for those pesky trolls. Aye, I said for them... a brew they won't ever forget! A brew that'll have them pickin' their tusks out of the hillsides!I've got a few ingredients steepin' already, but I could use a hand gatherin' more. At the bottom of the Overlook Cliffs to the east, near the shore, is a whole mess o' snapjaws. I need fresh, whole gizzards from them for my blastbrew."
"Of Utmost Importance : When Garrosh's zeppelin went down, so did the induction samophlange that you recovered for us in Azshara. The Alliance have it somewhere in that keep, and Krazz wants it back.The basement of the keep would be my best guess, so start there. When you get your hands on it, bring it back to me near the eastern tower."
"Blackfin's Booty : <A torn page precedes the latest entry, which reads:>Our self-proclaimed king will stop at nothing to acquire my family fortune. He has threatened and harassed me to no end.I can't take it anymore!I've buried the treasure and fed the map to Blackfin.That should keep my cousin's grubby little mitts off of our precious heirlooms!"
"The Eye of Paleth : Opening the chest reveals a blackened orb, pulsing with an eerie light. This must be the foul Eye of Paleth that damned these sailors' souls.Such corruption should be purged. Perhaps a priest in Menethil Harbor could help you."
"Araj the Summoner : With the animus destroyed, the next logical step is to take out Araj himself, and to take a shard of his phylactery.  You've probably already seen him, lurking at the fountain in the center of town.Take my grenades with you.  They won't do anything to Araj, but if he decides to summon any of those skeletons, you can use them to blow them away.  Again."
"Rune Ruination : Examining the Twilight Rune of Earth, you can almost feel its power extending further into the Elementium Depths.It's probably connected to other runes. Initiate Goldmine thinks that you should destroy all of them."
"Elmore's Task : There's a dwarven weaponsmith in Stormwind, Grimand Elmore, who sent word that he needs help with a delivery.  I believe he wants a package sent to his homeland in the north.You have a sturdy pair on you!  So if you're interested in some legwork then speak with Grimand.  We could use you down here, but we must also keep our ties strong with the dwarves.You can find Grimand Elmore at the weapon shop in the Dwarven District of Stormwind, in the northeast section of town."
"The Public Servant : As a member of the Senate and the Explorers' League, I've taken it upon myself to investigate conditions at the quarry. The troggs have run wild!They've made a mess of the Gol'Bolar quarry. As we dug deep into the earth, they poured out, destroying our equipment and trapping many of the miners below ground.We have to get them out of there. I've had mages working overtime to enchant these runes of return. If you can get them to the trapped miners, they can return to the surface in safety."
"Akiris by the Bundle : The naga explorers to our west carry a valuable ocean reed - Akiris reeds.  Traders use them to make medicines and poultices, and craftsmen use them to line armor or even wrap cigars!In the evenings, when digging's done, father's been teaching me how to use them... but unfortunately, we ran out.  Would you mind getting us some more?"
"Scourge First... Horde Later : Darkmaster Gandling of the Cult of the Damned leads the Scourge offensive here in Andorhal.  My old counterpart, Koltira, leads the Forsaken forces.  If we're to win Andorhal, we'll have to defeat both, but we will certainly fail if we take on both at once.I know Koltira well enough to know that he will focus on the Scourge first.  We will do the same.Take out the weaker, desiccated Scourge to reduce their numbers.  The Forsaken will have to wait to taste our wrath."
"Spinal Dust : The dark energy that flows through the bodies of reanimated skeletons tends to accumulate primarily in their spine.  I've discovered a method of instilling this energy into a potion that boosts our magical abilities against the undead.Bring me some spinal dust and I'll be glad to provide you with a sample.  You'll find an ample number of skeletons wandering the Dead Scar, west of here."
"Not Fireflies, Flameflies : Most of my fellow residents here at Flame Crest seem to have left at some point.  I guess the Burning Steppes weren't INTERESTING enough for them.Not me, though.  I'm always finding new reasons to not leave, and the latest happens to be the flameflies that have been appearing lately.They appear near lava during the day.  By night, you'll find them almost anywhere.If you wouldn't mind collecting some, I might be able to make it worth your while."
"Rebels Without a Clue : Several years ago, Stormwind's Captain Kurzen brought a brigade into Stranglethorn Vale on a mission whose details are still murky.  Kurzen swiftly descended into madness, as did his men... except for a few rebels who made it their mission to undo the evils that Kurzen had wrought.As I said, that was years ago.  I'm now hearing rumors that Kurzen is dead, but those rebels still persist at their rebellion.  If you wish to investigate, you'll find them at a camp on Stranglethorn's northern border."
"The Good Stuff : I've got a little proposition for you, if you're interested.Those Dark Irons were here before Durdin and his crew arrived.  That means that, once these titan ruins opened up, the dark irons were the first ones in there, lootin' all the good stuff.  I'll bet they've still got those treasures locked up inside Angor Fortress, northwest of here.You've more than proven your ability to wallop a dwarf.  Head on into that fortress and wallop your way to titan treasure.I'd go with, but I'm drunk."
"Annihilate the Worgen : These worgen must be dealt with, and quickly.  Our first priority is to eliminate any which may have infiltrated Brill.I want you to be on the lookout for any suspicious activity here in Brill, <name>.  We know that these worgen can hide in the shadows, so look for any signs you can find... footsteps, kicked-up rocks... anything."
"Holding the Lines : Karazhan sits upon a confluence of ley lines. It's why this location was chosen for the tower in the first place... a fact that has not escaped the Legion's notice.If the demons are tapping into these lines of power, they must need their energy for something particularly menacing. You must cut off their access to the ley lines if we're to have a chance of retaking the tower, <name>."
"Don't Stop Now.... : Now that we have an anvil, I can really get to work.No matter how many supplies we receive, I'll always be able to put the Darkspine Iron Ore to good use. We'll need a constant supply of weapons and armor if we're to be successful here.There are a group of naga on the coast to the east of here. They're collecting ore and placing it in chests for shipment to the Legion. Relieving them of their ore will help our efforts in more ways than one...."
"Ghouls Hate My Grains : You're a pro at this, <name>! A regular junior botanist! Listen, I've got a new seed to try called the rocknut. Use it to block the undead. Just drop it down and they'll stop dead in their tracks. Undead are so stupid!Let's give it a try!"
"Explorers' League Document (4 of 6) : The document bears the Explorers' League crest and seems to detail transport routes utilized by the league into and out of Loch Modan. Sooty smudges lead you to believe it was likely stolen by the Dark Iron spies in the area.You recall mention of missing documents at the Explorers' League building in Thelsamar."
"The Day that Deathwing Came: The Real Story : Not only was Theldurin's story wrong, it was boring, unimaginitive, and slow.I'll tell you how things really happened on that day."
"When the Going Gets Tough, Cheat : I just can't get my invention to work!  Gah!That's it, I've decided.  I'm going to cheat and use magic.What my invention really needs is a solid piston that's thin enough to fit through a narrow copper tube, but strong enough to withstand repeated impact without breaking.  The magical rods carried by those ogre magi to the north should work perfectly.From what I can tell, only the instructors carry the strong staves."
"A Little Slime Goes a Long Way : But the thing I've studied most is ooze. I know it sounds odd, but they're all over!I helped a lady in Menethil find her bag not too long ago--it was eaten by oozes. I've seen members of the Royal Apothecary Society from Undercity collecting samples of the stuff. I want to know why! Where does it come from?I've heard of more in Felwood. What I need are samples of the oozes there so I can further my research. I'll give you containers, you use them to collect a sample from the deceased creatures."
"Fine Linen Goods : The thugs in Elwynn wear linen which I can use to make fine linen goods.Bring me linen scraps and I'll use them to fashion something for you.You'll find those lawless criminals in pockets across Elwynn Forest."
"A Daughter's Embrace : The whisper continues:<""My name is Lilian Voss.  Before I died, I was a member of the Scarlet Crusade.  My father, High Priest Voss, raised me to be a weapon against the plagued.  I studied stealth, sorcery, martial arts, anything to make myself stronger.  I gave up my childhood for him.""><""Then, as fate would have it, I died and returned as... this.  My father instantly forgot me and, when I returned, ordered me executed.""><""Come.  We will speak with him now, in his tower to the northwest."">"
"... It Will Come : I now imbue you with the energies of the corrupting faceless.Swim down to my luring totem in the trench to the northeast. Release the energies through it. Bring back the brain of their leader.Call forth to Ick'thys the Unfathomable... it will come!"
"All that Rises : <The voice of the ancient presses against your mind.>NOW THAT... YOU HAVE STOLEN... THE ENERGIES OF... THE FAITHFUL, ENTER... THE TEMPLE AND... DESTROY... HALLAZEAL THE ASCENDED!"
"Prime Slime : I've become very interested in the slimes inhabiting Skulk Rock. No matter how many times they're cleared out, they seem to return, yet it doesn't seem they're capable of reproducing from a single slime.I think something's growing in there. There's a source where all the slimes come from, and I want to study it. Find this source, and bring me back a sample."
"The Hunt For Sylvanas : It's true then?  Gilneas has lost her favorite son.We will mourn when this is all over but not a day sooner.We will not allow ourselves the luxury of grief while the enemy still breathes Gilnean air.My father's men are ready to strike while we still have the Banshee Queen's trail.  Just say the word if you're ready.  Liam deserves swift vengeance."
"Completionism : This is intolerable! The coins you brought me do not match the rest of the coins I already have! You aren't counterfeiting these are you? No? Hrumph. In that case I'm sorry we fought, dearie.  There's only one thing to do, buttercup: we need to complete the new set you've discovered. Bring me more misprinted coins!"
"Decisions, Decisions : This is no magic solution to my curse! It's just a hammer!I may be crazy, but I'm not stupid.There's NO WAY I'm gunna use this to break my shiney - not after all I've gone through to get it.<Budd pauses in thought for a moment.>But that means I'm stuck down here for eternity...I had just learned to sail, you know.Ohhh... I can't decide.Here, you take the hammer and I'll just set the shiney down and look the other way."
"Darnassian Intrusions : Besides the constant threat that the Wretched represent, I also have to deal with all kind of fictitious reports of night elf sightings.Though most reports are unfounded, one recent incident demands further investigation.  The West Sanctum, one of our primary energy sources, has suffered a terrible malfunction and rumors of Darnassian sabotage are rampant.Travel there and deal with anyone that looks suspicious.  Report back to Ley-Keeper Velania, who watches over the sanctum."
"To Fort Livingston : Da first place we check gonna be da place most likely to be attacked first.  You call it Fort Livingston.Fort Livingston be surrounded by troll ruins... It make for an easy target.Maybe we find da emissary dere.  Hopefully it ain't too late."
"The Princess Trapped : My name is Myzrael.  I am a princess of the earth, and my captors, the giants, have trapped me deep beneath the Arathi Highlands.  These crystal shards are the only way I can speak with the surface world.Please help me.  Allies of the giants, the Drywhisker kobolds, have a shard like this one in their Drywhisker Gorge, to the east.  To power the cluster, you must gather motes of Myzrael from the kobolds and apply them to it.I beg you, <name>, aid me!"
"Dask ""The Flask"" Gobfizzle : Hey - you must be that <fella'/lass> that Wulfred was talkin' about!  The one who found the ogre artifact, and helped him test out those strange stones from up north.  Welcome to the digsite, <name>!We were actually working on identifying those samples right as you got here.  Would you mind bringing the sample over to Dask?  I need him to help me find out how old it is."
"Freedom for Lydon : This place is no farm! Stillwater has been experimenting on the humans of Hillsbrad. The monstrosities here are all his creations.That's not the worst of it, <class>. The aberrations that have the key to my cage are former Forsaken. Stillwater's experiments have the side effect of turning Forsaken into mindless zombies. Why do you think he's so afraid of letting this get out? He knows that such a crime is punishable by true death.Get me out of here! The infected sludge guards outside have the key!"
"A Nose for This Sort of Thing : <The skull speaks to you.>I live?  No, I do not... but I can.That raptor you have is wise to have found my skull among what must have been so many.  In life, I was strong, powerful, a lord among trolls.  With your help, I can be a lord once more.The Bloodscalps at Zuuldaia hoard magical fetishes that can help me return.  They hide these artifacts under the sand.  Use your hatchling to find these artifacts, <name>... then throw them in the pot."
"Onwards to Menethil : This news needs to get to Menethil as soon as possible. I'll send you along on my fastest ram, <name>.He knows the way, just make sure you're steady in the saddle and hold on tight.Don't dawdle around the camp. We've got to send word quickly!"
"Zen'Kiki and the Cultists : While you've been away, I've been trying a different approach on our friend Zen'Kiki.  I believe he may have a future as a healer.  This is mainly because healing spells never miss.I hear from Field Agent Kaartish that the cultist camp to the east is where the plagued animals are coming from.  I hope you don't mind escorting Zen'Kiki over there... perhaps he can help heal some of the plagued animals within the camp."
"Hidden Treasures : Daddy told me to give you this key.  He said it opens a chest out back behind the house.He also wanted me to thank you.  Did you do a favor for him?  Did you tell him you found my doll?Well here's the key.  And thank you <name>.  Thank you!  You're a very nice <man/lady>!"
"Frederick's Fish Fancy : I love the sea.  Yes, it was I, Frederick Calston, who introduced the sea life to that lake in the southwest.  I had hoped to provide the Crusade with a source of fresh food from within the borders of the Plaguelands.However, some of the fish turned out to be predators, and they now terrorize the other animals.  If we're not careful, they will kill them all!Swim down to the bottom of the scar and save some snails, crabs, and pufferfish before it's too late."
"Cozzle's Plan : I may be of Darkspear birth, but I spent my childhood here, in Stranglethorn Vale.  I've seen everything there is to see here in Stranglethorn, but the most offensive is the devastation that the Venture Company has done to the riverbed.To make things worse, Foreman Cozzle and his crew have been increasing their activity, and I suspect they have some new plan.  Succeed where I failed, <name>: Kill Cozzle, obtain his key, and steal the blueprints from his apartment."
"The Daughter Who Lived : I should have told you this earlier...How do I put this...Morgan may have believed that his family was all dead, but, in fact, his daughter Sarah Ladimore is now a Watcher. She's always been troubled by the... circumstances... surrounding her father's death. Perhaps you could go to bring the news to her."
"Bring It On! : It is time, <class>.We are as ready as we ever will be!I shall address the Vanguard, and then we shall swim into the sea to meet our fate."
"Treasure Reclamation : Blood and thunder! We have our reinforcements, but they still need to be paid. They won't be cheap.Up on Deepfin Ridge to the northwest, the slimy gilblin have stolen all sorts of treasure. It's time to reclaim some of it for the Horde.Hellscream's eyes are upon you, <name>!"
"Four Heads are Better than None : We're about to launch the attack upon the Twilight Gate, but there is one last loose end to tie up: Za'brox and Beeble'phod, the disciples of Cho'gall.Intelligence has placed them within the Den of the Disciples, a small ogre cave at the southwest corner of the Twilight Gate.Would you go back in there and kill them?"
"Minor Distractions : Nethergarde has stood steadfast for years against the demon onslaught that plagues this land.  Our watch is never-ending, our vigilance unfaltering, and our courage bottomless.We have held these lands since the portal opened, but now these Horde insects have the insolence to stand in our way!?  We have protected THEM as well as we have protected ourselves!<Lungertz looks you over.>Let's see if you've got a hand for combat.  Slay one of the Horde's Okril'lon scouts that nibble at our perimeter."
"Done Nothing Wrong : The Blackrock orcs of the steppes serve a dark master -  one who performs twisted experiments on living creatures to create his own menagerie of abominations.  Many of his test subjects are as corrupted as their master, but others are completely innocent.In the whelping downs to the south, they chain baby dragons to the ground, preparing them for such experiments.  I will not stand for this.  Break their fetters and return the hatchlings to me... to safety."
"A Physical Specimen : The soul is ready, but the body is not.  For a skull as well-formed, as marvelous, as beautiful as this... we will need a suitable body.The chief of the Bloodscalps, Gan'zulah, won his throne with brute force.  If he still lives, you'll find him in Zul'Kunda, to the west.Taking his body won't be easy, but nothing a sturdy <class> like yourself couldn't handle.  Bring it back here when you're done."
"One Draenei's Junk... : A shard of glimmering rock sits before you.  You sense that this item would be of value to someone within the Blasted Lands."
"Investigate the Amani Catacombs : <class>, our sources tell us that the trolls buried in the Amani Catacombs inside Sungraze Peak have been rising from the dead. Dame Auriferous would have you investigate these catacombs and put to the torch any of the unanimated remains you come across so as to prevent any more of these creatures from rising.The fastest way there is to head north out of town and then take the first fork to the right. This will put you on the north side of the peak, so look to the south for the entrance."
"Keep An Eye Out : Avast!  Who goes there?Argh, I am but useless without me special enchanted eye.  Bad enough to have lost me eyes in battle in the first place!  But by some stroke o' luck we docked in Menethil and a traveling wizard enchanted a special glass eye that let me see again.Last night I ended up gettin' jumped by some Bloodsail Buccaneers on me way out.  Took me eye, they did!  Seems those blokes have found their way to Booty Bay.Help an old sea dog out by gettin' me eye back?"
"Aradne : Our last hope of victory lies in defeating the val'kyr.  You've done well up until now... but you're only one <man/woman> and there are literally dozens of them raining destruction on the battlefield.One enormous val'kyr sits atop the tower to our south... you can see her from here.  Perhaps if we eliminate her, the remaining val'kyr will dissipate.This is our only hope.  Bring some of Grant's men with you.  You'll need their protection for this battle."
"A Blight Upon the Land : With the undead outbreak contained, the time has come for Stillwater and his followers to answer for their crimes. Though we averted a tragedy the likes of which has not been seen since the Scourge invaded, we must ensure that such a thing can never happen again. They will all face true death!Come, <name>! I will have Stillwater's head!"
"Hope for the People : About four years ago, in the dead of the night, a little girl walked right into our farmhouse and collapsed on the floor. Nobody had a clue as to her identity. The poor little thing had no recollection of who she was or where she came from - truly a lost soul.Soon after, we adopted the little girl and named her Hope - for that is what she represented.She is now a young lady, caring for the destitute and homeless of Westfall. Take my Westfall stew to her at Sentinel Hill, south of here."
"A Fiery Reunion : That's Magmatooth, my estranged fire elemental. <name>, you gotta kill him or he's gonna kill me!It was all just a big misunderstanding. How was I to know he'd be mad about me ""borrowing"" his heart down in Deepholm? He can't die... not permanently anyway!He's got the controller to the portal on him for sure. You gotta get the controller and then use it in the Fire portal to take us back to the entrance."
"The Horde's Hoard : It is unclear what manner of creature scrawled the seemingly random markings on this piece of parchment, but upon close inspection, some of the obscure shapes begin to look like landmarks.Scanning the sea floor, you think you recognize a few points of reference, one being a nearby sunken ship. If your guess is correct, there appears to be treasure of some kind near the wreck.You cannot help but wonder what the scaly, serpentine figure on the map might represent...."
"Better Late Than Dead : Greetings, friend.It is good to see that you survived your battle in one piece.While Erunak tries to scry a place of safety for us all, I shall assist you in securing a less strenuous means of transport.I have prepared this baitstick to use near a sea turtle. It is crude, but it should serve to bring one under your control.Once you've become comfortable with the animal, simply guide it back here to me."
"A Different Approach : Among other things, Zen'Kiki needs to work on his spell accuracy.  I could see his wrath spells spiraling out of control even from here!  In fact, I used them as a marker to follow your progress through the woods.Perhaps we can use Zen'Kiki another way.  Take him up to the top of the hill just to our east.  The diseased hawks that circle above that hill must be destroyed.  Ask Zen'Kiki to shoot at these hawks.  Even if he can't hit them, he will distract them so you can finish them off."
"Gidwin Goldbraids : I love my boys, don't get me wrong.  But I TOLD them that I needed FIVE MINUTES to water and brush the horses, and what did they do?  They made a stupid bet with each other and ran off!  I should have known better... this always happens.Gidwin's the short one.  He headed north, along the river.  If you're headed that direction, would you tell him to come back?  We've got to get to Light's Hope Chapel, and I'm not against leaving without him."
"Hints of the Past : As you skim through the pages in the journal you're overcome by an unnerving sense of being watched.The contents are unsettling.  Dar'Khan's soul was one filled with hatred and contempt for his own people.  The extent of his machinations and plots are all documented in great detail.Perhaps there is something here that Vynna will find useful."
"Not Just Any Body : Loramus Thalipedes is dead.  Well, let me step back... that's an assumption on my part, but I do know that his body lies in three pieces.<Lynnore ponders for a moment.>If you bring me the pieces, we still have a recourse.  All three pieces are nearby... the Dreadmaul ogres hide them in their caves.  In fact, one of them is in that chest, down the ledge behind me..."
"Message in a Bottle : Inside the bottle you find a note which reads, in fairly good handwriting:<To any that can aid me-><Please, my need for help is dire. A great beast holds me captive on an island in the South Seas.><The stars at night are foreign to me and obscured by the jungle trees, but on the clearest days I see shoreline to the northwest, and what seem to be large sailing ships to the southwest.><I beg of you, my would-be savior, please help me.>"
"Alina's Reward : The tale of Trol'kalar ends here, then. It will be a weapon to bring death to the living, in the name of the Dark Lady.Leave me now, <name>. My job is once again to guard the blade. Tell Alina of your victory, I'm sure she will have a reward for you."
"Doublerum : <Baron Revilgaz sighs.>  Even with all my suspicions about Firallon's plot, we aren't prepared for a full two-front attack between the Bloodsail and the Brashtide.  It's going to take a small miracle to hold Booty Bay today.I've got a barrel of Doublerum in my chambers.  Take the stairs down three flights, and check the first door on your right.  You can ignore the warnings on the barrel... those should be the least of your worries."
"The Crucible of Carnage: Calder's Creation! : Grim and gory, this next match is sure to have the crowd groanin' one way or another. Calder Gray has been gathering the bodyparts of defeated challengers and building the perfect champion.This thing is the ultimate cobbled collaboration of corpsified combatants. A magnificent mashup of mangled monstrosities. Are you ready to get messy?! Cause I am! Let me know when you're ready so we can get this thing started!"
"Journey's End : I've had just about enough of the funk of this place.  Undead stink is bad enough, and then you add mushrooms to the mix?  I hate mushrooms!I'm going to head back to Light's Hope Chapel, <name>... and I'm taking Tarenar and Fiona with me.  I think we've all earned a well-deserved break.Let me give you this.  It's my hearthstone - you can use it to travel instantly back to Light's Hope.  I won't need it - I'm going to be riding in the caravan.In the FRONT SEAT."
"The Road to Purgation : The time of vengeance has come, <name>. Kasha can once more fly, thanks to you. She will take us to Purgation Isle so that we may confront the Stormpike dwarf general, Vanndar Stormpike, and his captain, Balinda Stonehearth. BOTH will pay for what they have done.Are you ready? Orkus cannot do this alone."
"Wand over Fist : Hey, <name>. Sorry to be so short with ye earlier... and no, that ain't a pun.I figured out where Trelane's first item ended up: Kor'gresh has it in Boulderfist Hall. An' by the way he was throwing down blasts of ice at his kin to keep them in line, he must be close to figurin' out how to use all of its powers.Boulderfist Hall's south of here an' then east of Thandol Span. Find the ogre an' get back that wand.While you're gone, I'll figure out what we're gonna do about Stromgarde."
"Ix'lar the Underlord : I know we're supposed to head to Northdale, but that can wait, right?  Besides, this lovely little goblin was just telling me about some Scourge that are even closer by.So apparently there's this nerubian underlord named Ix'lar that has been trying to make a name for himself ever since the Lich King was slain.  He's set up a camp of undead to our north.Sure, Tyrosus wants us to kill banshees in Northdale.  We'll get to that.  But let's kill this nerubian first, while we're close!"
"Blackrock Invasion : The orcs have begun burning down the forest, <name>! They have taken over the vineyard to the east and are planning their final assault against us! They must be stopped!Head east, across the river, and kill the rampaging Blackrock orcs. Collect their weapons as proof of their demise and return to me.You're our only hope, <name>!"
"Fathom-Lord Zin'jatar : The Fathom-Lord is here, at the far side of the ruins. He's still injured from our last battle.I'll leave this pleasure to you. Make sure he doesn't get away this time."
"By Her Lady's Word : Lady Sira'kess has begun preparations for the ritual of summoning, but the Crucible of Nazsharin has been stolen from us. The Kvaldir have surely taken it with them as they retreated to shallower waters.Speak to the caste leaders to secure a war party, and then lead them in retrieving the artifact from Biel'aran Ridge to the east.I trust you my Battlemaiden, for you have never failed in any task that I have given you. As I am revered to the Queen, so are you revered to me. Go with my blessings."
"Pay Attention! : Listen, <race>. It's not that I don't appreciate the rescue and all, but this is a dire situation.You have to pay better attention out there!I was watching, and you passed right over a busted alliance crate.There's bound to be something in there that could help me and my boys.How about you get out there and take a look-see, hrm?"
"Shadowhide Extinction : Now that every Blackrock orc south of Lake Everstill is nothing more than ash and cinder, we can turn our attention to the Shadowhide gnoll army of Galardell Valley, directly north of here.I want you to head out there and kill 'em all, <name>! Initiate Operation: Extinction, soldier. For Bravo Company and for the Alliance!"
"Call of the Warmatron : Our venerable warmatron, Okrilla, has sent me to the far reaches of the world in search of suitable heroes that would join our cause. Are you interested in strengthening the Horde's grasp over the Eastern Kingdoms? Then take this portal to the Blasted Lands and report to Okrilla at Dreadmaul Hold!"
"Iron Horde Invasion : By order of his royal highness, King Varian Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Vindicator Maraad at the Shattered Beachhead in Blasted Lands.Use the portal at the Wizard's Sanctum in Stormwind to head directly to the front line.This new threat is known only as the Iron Horde. They have taken over the Dark Portal and must be stopped.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Human Infestation : This mine was once the heart of Alliance mining operations in Hillsbrad. It now serves as a breeding ground for our loyal spiders, though, the humans still occupy it - in a way.<Keyton grins.>But onto business! Warden Stillwater has called for more workers at the Sludge Fields. I want you to enter the mine with these shackles and capture Hillsbrad humans for labor in the fields.Break them out of their web paralysis and beat them into submission before you use the shackles."
"Shadra the Venom Queen : No time to waste, <name>! She's comin' out of the water right now!Gryphon Master Talonaxe is comin' right now with the boys, let's show that bug what for!"
"The Fate of Morbent Fel : Before I was lost to the woods, the last thing I remember is Morbent Fel. He was a vile necromancer, and the reason this land swarms with so many vile undead.I asked an adventurer to help me put an end to him. I thought they did! But Sister Elsington tells me the land still crawls with ghouls and spectres ripped from the grave.Morbent Fel should have breathed his last in the house on Forlorn Rowe, north of Raven Hill Cemetery. Go there and see what's become of him..."
"For Peat's Sake : The elementals rampaging across Direforge Hill are setting the very land beneath them ablaze. In a marsh such as this, fire can find many places to smoulder through the deep moss and peat.You must quench the fires before they spread further. Take this flower... blessed by nature's rain, it will let you douse the fires.The blossom may also prove useful against the elementals themselves."
"Bio-Fuel : Submarine fuel is expensive!The powers-that-be in Gnomeregan were generous enough to deliver several fuel barrels, but we're burning through it faster than expected.  That means we're going to need to improvise.It's a well-known fact that sea creatures are full of all kinds of interesting chemicals... like oil.  Take this device up to Kothrun's End and stick it into the corpses of terrapins, remoras, and hammerhead sharks.  If we don't get more submarine fuel, their oil might be our only hope."
"Latent Disease : I need plagued grass for an... an experiment, of sorts.  Those Argent Crusaders and those infernal Cenarion druids have done too good a job of healing the plaguelands, however... and I can't find proper reagents within a reasonable walking distance.Some of the local wildlife retain the plague's touch, however.  Kill a diseased black bear, then retrieve the grass that grows where its decaying body lies.  It's not optimal, but it'll do."
"A Wolf in Bear's Clothing : These worgen take us for fools! One would think that only an idiot would mistake one of their druids in bear form as a real bear. Unfortunately, there are many idiots here at the Forsaken Front. We've already lost a few battalions to organized worgen bear attacks. Yes, it's even more idiotic than it sounds.Directly east of here, heading towards Hillsbrad, you will find worgen druids roaming the woods, masquerading as bears. Kill them and make our southern supply line safe again."
"Blasted Lands: The Other Side of the World : Now here's an interesting one.  It says that members of the Horde should talk to Okrilla at Dreadmaul Hold.Hmph! I didn't even know that the Horde held Dreadmaul Hold!I guess this Okrilla requires help fighting some ogres and the Alliance. You'd think she'd already have her hands full with all the demons down there!The best way to Dreadmaul Hold is to cross the Great Sea, then to take the road south from the Swamp of Sorrows.You interested?"
"Under Siege : Those Iron Horde cannons are laying waste to our troops. I'm not sure how much more of this we can handle. Our forces are already spread too thin.There has to be a way to stop those war machines."
"To the Aid of the Thorium Brotherhood : Dark Iron dwarves may be scheming and mischievous... but they're not all enemies.  I've spoken several times with the dwarves of the Thorium Brotherhood, and they've never been anything but helpful.An acquaintance of mine, Jack Rockleg, came to town not long ago, asking if I could join him on an expedition of some sort.  It sounded important.I'm a little busy, but maybe you wouldn't mind going?  Just travel west, on the road to Searing Gorge.  You'll see him soon after leaving the Badlands."
"The Threat of Flame : Flame has threatened me for far too long... far too long... but it is no longer the little ones, no longer mere gnats...The fields burn! The hills and highlands scream, <race>, they scream. The elementals brought here consume all life in their wake.They cannot stand, they cannot stand. Stop them. STOP THEM! Destroy the bringers of flame..."
"The Battle of Thandol Span : I've defended the Thandol Span from being destroyed before, against the Dark Iron themselves. And so did my father, and his father before him...The only Dark Iron that managed to give me the slip ran straight for the bridge. Something's amiss, and I'm betting when we get there we'll be waltzing right into an ugly trap.I could use your help, <name>, for Ironforge. Are you with me?"
"The Great Escape : With our mission objective secured, the time has come for us to make our escape. Though Gilneas is lost, with the aid of Godfrey and his lieutenants we will have it back in no time at all.Go now, <name>. Fly back with Arthura to the Forsaken Front in southern Silverpine Forest. The Banshee Queen awaits your arrival."
"Amidst Death, Life : Scourge forces have made it a point to ensure that nothing survives in the Fungal Vale - all you will find are husks of rotted mushrooms and scorched grasses.  The three corners of the vale are home to three large ziggurats, which they use to reanimate their dead and summon new soldiers to the battlefield.Yet even in this evil, lifeless place, life finds a way to flourish.  Take my seeds and plant them in the centers of these ziggurats.  Prove to them that life will prevail."
"Glorious Harvest : Directly southeast of Southpoint Gate you will find our spider domestication operations. Through the years we have grown a kinship with the spiders of Hillsbrad and have managed to domesticate and breed the adorable little critters. Spiders now serve us as regular household pets and beasts of battle! Such diverse creatures they are!I need you to head into the fields to the southeast and carefully harvest the eggs that we have incubating on the bears. Deliver the harvest to Sarus at the mine."
"Here Fishie Fishie : <Orako rolls the glow-juice into a ball, then attaches it to a device that he's clearly been working on for a long time.>Here, I got you this hat.  It has a light on it, and it will make fish follow you.  Just like the murlocs!The murlocs like to hunt in the kelp and coral along the sides of the canyon.  If you put on this hat and swim in that kelp, you might catch some fish like they do."
"From the Belly of the Beast : I think we can rebuild him. Perhaps if we put him back together he can give us information about Crowley.We must kill every crocolisk in this marsh until we find the rest of Sean Dempsey's body! From the belly of the beast this man will be reborn!"
"The Reckoning : Loken killed my wife, turned my followers and me against each other.  He took away everything I had, but today... that changes.Today we reclaim our sacred grounds.  Today... Loken dies.Meet me on the bridge near the Temple of Wisdom, just southwest of Ulduar.  I will finish this one way or the other.I need you there as a witness.  You will not aid me -- this is personal.After it's done, send word to Jokkum, King of the Frost Giants.  He's a good friend and will know what to do."
"Goggle Boggle : Now that we are full-fledged Blackwater Raiders it is our job to help Mr. O'Breen locate the lost elven treasure.It is next to impossible to find the gems in the dark sea without aid. The doctor has constructed some goggles that will help. He needs the goggles charged with the energy derived from the enchanted stone in the cave just up the hill.But the cave is cursed! When we get close, we get ambushed. Defend me and I can harness the energy from the stone into the goggles."
"I'm Not Supposed to Tell You This : My daddy always kept two swords: one for fighting with men, and one for hunting the animals.  I wasn't supposed to touch his swords, but I knew where he hid them.One day, he told my mommy that he was going to fight a ""lone hunter"" in the hills to the east, but he brought his animal sword with him!  When he came back, he didn't have his sword with him.When daddy comes back, he'll be so happy when I give him his animal sword!  Will you go and find it?"
"Snapjaws, Mon! : Don't let their big eyes fool you, mon! Those saltwater snapjaws be a menace. I can't fish for five minutes without getting a broken line from one of those oversized fish vacuums stealing my bait.Do me and the people of Revantusk Village a service and kill em, mon.Kill the whole lot of em!"
"Pupellyverbos Port : You there! Did you know that strewn across the northern beach are tens, if not hundreds, of bottles of fine wine?...well, now you do!I'd be out there gathering them by the armload, if those turtles weren't out to get me. They crave my blood, I swear.So I'll pay you then. Bring me 12 bottles of Pupellyverbos Port and I'll ""purchase"" it from you, <class>."
"Something Edible : Were they trying to starve us all to death?! Not giving prisoners food is just despicable.We need to get these soldiers fed. The best prospect I spotted on the way here were those giant grouper. Several of those and we shouldn't want for meat for a while.If you can bring me back some, I'll see to it that it gets cooked and passed out fairly."
"Steel Thunder : We may not have to live down the shame of this defeat, <name>. The Warchief will likely have us all executed instead.I'll be damned if we don't go down without a fight. Although the whole beachhead is overrun by Bloodfang worgen, there may still be hope. I want you to accompany one of our sea pups to the beachhead, directly west of here, and recover our supplies. Return to me when the pup can carry no more."
"Memories from a Lost Past : It's funny the things you remember.  I spent 16 hours a day working the fields, and every seventh day I'd head into bustling Andorhal to sell what I'd grown.  It was a tough life, but we did alright.But I barely remember any of that.  When I think back to those days, I think about Gloria's smile, or Andrea waving from the window whenever I'd look up from the plow.The farm's just a bit to the east, but I'm not sure I'm ready to go back, <name>.  I'd just like to make sure I hold on to these memories."
"The Altar of Storms : Up on the bluffs above our comfy cave is a powerful altar.  A powerful DEMONIC altar, guarded by cultists, but powerful nonetheless.  If you can reach it, you can use it to bring Loramus back to us.The altar will likely resist your efforts, so you'll have to protect Loramus' body while the ritual completes.  Bring the demon hunter back to me afterwards."
"Into The Abyss : The Horde and Alliance are locked in battle with one another in the seas to the west.Below them, a great host of enemies prepares to carry out a plan that could be the undoing of us all.I am sending you to speak with the admiral of the alliance forces. Share with him the vision you have seen. Convince him to focus his attention on the true threat below, before it grows too late...To gain audience with the admiral, you must first enlist with the recruiter at the harbor."
"A Strange Request : On to other matters.  I have a package that I need delivered.A young lady came by our town not long ago, looking for compressed blasting powder, a tempered mithril bomb casing, and some safety goggles.  Naturally, we had plenty of blasting powder and bomb casings to sell her, but the safety goggles were a little harder to find.Long story short, I've got the goggles, but she's already returned to her studies down in Lethlor Ravine.  Will you bring these down to her?"
"Kobold Candles : Hello, <good sir/my lady>!  Do you have a moment?My brother and I run an apothecary in Stormwind, and I'm here to gather large candles for their wax.  Can you help me?You can get large candles from kobolds, and I hear rumors that kobolds are infesting the Elwynn mines... the Fargodeep Mine to the south and Jasperlode Mine to the east.  I suggest looking for candles in one of those places."
"They Build a Better Bullet : Those gorge-digging dwarves do at least one thing right: they make very high-quality bullets.  I've been unable to reproduce their results, so I've taken to stealing whatever bullets of theirs that I can find.Ye want my help?  Get me a couple hundred bullets from those marksmen below.I'm sure they'll be happy to give ye their bullets one at a time, but you might find it faster just to look for the crates filled with them."
"It's All Mine : All over this cavern you'll find unguarded piles of ore, just waiting to be tampered with.  Our first choice would be to steal the ore, obviously, but that requires mine carts, protection, and labor... three things we just don't have.  So instead, we're just going to ruin this little mining party with a little bit of highly corrosive solvent.Take this bottle - CAREFULLY - and pour it onto those heaps of ore.  'Cause if we can't have this ore, then neither can they."
"Foxes and Hounds : These Alliance forces walk around the Plaguelands like they own the place.  Well, they don't!  This land rightfully belongs to the Dark Lady!As the battle for Andorhal drew to a close, the Alliance forces occupying the Plaguelands scattered.  Several of them can be found just east of here, hunting foxes.  Prove to them that this is Forsaken territory.Kill the hunters.  Kill their hunting dogs.  And kill the foxes they hunt, for good measure."
"Twilight Extermination : NOW, TAKE... THE ATTUNED RUNESTONE... AND USE... IT TO POSSESS... ONE OF... THE BOUND TORRENTS... AT... THE CENTRAL TEMPLE. THEY WILL IGNORE... YOU. YOU ARE BENEATH... THEIR NOTICE.USE... THE ELEMENTAL'S POWERS... TO DESTROY... THE TWILIGHT DEVOTEES... AND... THEIR... FACELESS OVERSEERS."
"Break in Communications: Dreadwatch Outpost : I'm not gonna lie to you, <name>. What I'm about to ask you to do is suicide. Chance of failure is about 95%.All communication from Dreadwatch Outpost has been severed. With the worgen constantly rushing us we have no means by which to get to Dreadwatch to check on our soldiers. I need you to head south to the outpost and check on our soldiers. I'll keep in contact through the Forsaken communication device - F.C.D. - from here on out.KEEP CLEAR OF THE MAIN ROAD."
"Slowing the Inevitable : As much as I want to exact swift and brutal revenge... I must honor my son's memory first.  He cared for his people first and foremost.The Undertaker's Pass goes underground below Northgate River.  You must prevent the plague from being deployed while we evacuate our men, women and children to Aderic's Repose.We captured one of the Forsaken's dreaded bombing bats.  I want you to fly the infernal beast as best you can and unleash hell upon those who seek to bring the Plague to our people.  Hurry!"
"Graverobbers : The mass graves within the forest to the west of us were made to accommodate the... impressive... number of deaths Tirisfal suffered when the plague first came.  The bodies in these graves have so far been spared an undeath, but the Scourge now send Rot Hide gnolls to gather the corpses and use them to bolster their armies.  This cannot be allowed!Your task is twofold: slay the Rot Hides at the mass grave and Garren's Haunt, and gather from them the embalming ichor that gives them life."
"Supporting the Troops : I'm no military expert, but this battle looks to be in our favor.  Our defenders are equally matched with their deathguards, but the farmers' militia has taken them by surprise from the rear.  For the Alliance!Still, we should all do what we can to make sure that we win.  Travel east into Andorhal and slay the Forsaken deathguards that are fighting with our men.  The sooner they die, the quicker we can re-take Andorhal!"
"Demoniac Vessel : We need a way to get Wormthorn's attention.  Something to break him out of his trance.  Something that's guaranteed to work.The few types of wildlife that managed to make a foothold in the Tainted Forest are, without a doubt, affected by the land's latent energies.  Your task is to collect their body parts and find a way to combine them into a vessel.  If Wormthorn's trance is druidic, or even if it is demonic, a large enough vessel of tainted animal flesh should be able to break it."
"Warchief's Command: Ghostlands! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Arcanist Vandril at Tranquillien in the Ghostlands.Your help is needed to turn back the numberless Scourge invaders and secure the help of the Forsaken in fighting our common enemy.To reach Tranquillien, follow the road south from Fairbreeze Square and into the Ghostlands.Destiny calls!"
"Hero's Call: Loch Modan! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Pilot Hammerfoot at South Gate Outpost.The destruction of the Stonewrought Dam and the resurgence of the kobolds and troggs has the mountaineers stretched thin. Reinforcements are desperately needed! Travel east through South Gate Pass from eastern Dun Morogh to reach South Gate Outpost.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Home Is Where the Hearth Is : I don't know about you, but all this running around has got me thirsty!  Why don't we head over to the Pig and Whistle Tavern and rest our legs over some cool pints of moonberry juice?  While we're there, speak with Meagan the innkeeper to make the Pig and Whistle Tavern your new home. That way, if you ever find yourself stranded without a flight master nearby, you can use your hearthstone to return to the inn.  Not only is it faster than a gryphon, but you'll save a few copper in the process!"
"Farstrider Retreat : Your help in subduing the Wretched has been invaluable.  The Farstriders would surely have use for someone like you in their fight against the Amani trolls.Look for the Farstrider Retreat to the northeast of here, speak to Lieutenant Dawnrunner and see what assistance she might need."
"Relios the Relic Keeper : The Dark Lady is correct in her assertion that I am able to unlock the codex. Unfortunately, I need a signet ring from a Dalaran archmage to do it. My own ring was taken when I died many years ago, but there still might be a way.While Dalaran has floated away, the outskirts of the city remain. Far to the east lie the ruins of Dalaran. It is there that you will find an archmage known as Relios. ""Take"" his signet ring and bring it back to me.You may use the portal behind me to get to the crater."
"I Never Forget a Face : You have discovered a partially digested head. Lord Godfrey perks up when he sees it. Perhaps you should give it to him."
"Zaeldarr the Outcast : Can you believe that, after all the trouble we have in the Plaguelands... we have to worry about thieves too?  And not just normal thieves, troll thieves.And not just normal troll thieves.  Dead troll thieves!They're led by this big, dead troll named Zaeldarr the Outcast, and they come here at night and steal bodies from our graveyards, then take them back to their evil, dead troll hideout--the Undercroft to the southwest.Go there and take out Zaeldarr, <name>.  I'm sick to death of his mischief!"
"Can't Take It With Them : Any shipping crew I had that you don't see hanging around this camp are DEAD! Those were some fine goblins, but what's worse is they're all still out there! It's a TRAGEDY!I mean, it's a tragedy they still have all their stuff! It's horrifying to think of all the perfectly good materials and coins sitting out there in the water.Hey! You can do me a favor! If you're killing gilblins out there, go get the ditty bags off my old crewmen!C'mon, they're not gonna need it anymore! Be real!"
"It's Raid Night Every Night : The reports I'm sending Captain Tharran can't really convey the amount of trouble the Frostmanes have created for us. Your assault on the village has started to relieve some of the pressure. The raids are still frequent, but the trolls don't have the numbers they once did.Even so, my men are tired and their morale is flagging. Would you help us keep watch for the Frostmane raiders? They could turn up at any time."
"A Better Vantage : This cave is our only refuge. There's no help on the way. Whatever happens, this cave must remain safe or we are all sure to die down here.We need a forward post to launch our attacks from. Something defensible.In the eastern portion of the ruins on the lowest level, scout the north end of the gardens, the passage leading under the main structure just west of the gardens, and the cluster of buildings at the southeast corner of the ruins, under the bridges.Bring me back any information you can."
"It's Alive! : From what I've heard, all you really need to do is find a suitable harvest golem and drop in the heart. Once you've done that you should be able to take full control of the creature.I think there's a whole field of overloaded harvest golems west of here, at the Molsen Farm. Look for the arcs of electricity.Should you manage to get it working, use the golem to destroy the energized harvest reapers at the old Molsen farm. Those monsters are much more destructive than the ones on our farm."
"The Maw of Madness : I can't believe it, <name>. Me own son - me own flesh and blood! Throwing his lot in with those fiends from the Twilight's Hammer. Did you see what he became when he tried to destroy the wedding? Oh ... why? Why?It's that beast, <name>. The enormous mouth emerging from the earth to our west. ""The Maw of Madness!"" My son said it spoke to him, but I thought it was just nightmares.The Earthen Ring is trying to destroy it. Go to Earthcaller Torunscar, west of here, and see how you can help!"
"Taking the Fall : Antheol is going to fly off his rocker when he finds out his book is ruined.  I've got a little proposal for you; don't worry, I'll make it worth your while.Take this book to him and tell him nothing of this incident.  If he asks, just tell him you dropped the book into a puddle.  He has no direct authority over you, so there's not much he can do.Antheol delivers his lectures at Stillwhisper Pond, southeast of Silvermoon.  You'll do this for us, right?  I'll reward you handsomely for this favor!"
"Anok'suten : Come closer, I am ... dying.I was sent here ... to slay these nerubians, but Vandril didn't ... know that they have a leader.<The dying blood elf coughs up a good amount of blood.>You must find and ... slay Anok'suten.  Get help.  She wanders around ... Suncrown Village."
"Counter-Plague Research : I once worked for the so-called ""Banshee-Queen"", Sylvanas, as an apothecary.  I used to admire her, but something's changed within her.  She's not herself anymore.I broke my vows with the Forsaken and joined the Crusade.  Now, I use my knowledge of alchemy to seek a counter-plague agent.  And the Plaguewood is the perfect place to do so.I need to resupply a few reagents, any of which can be found within the Plaguewood.  I'll pay you if you can find any of these items."
"Dusky Crab Cakes : I'll let you in on a little secret - Dusky ""Crab"" Cakes are really made from spider meat!  I know it's a bit disgusting, but the cakes have a nice, tangy flavor and make great snacks!If you want to try some still, I'm afraid I'm out of meat. I need some lump meat to whip up a few more cakes.Venom Web Spiders are a good source - they nest to the north, between the foothills and the river."
"All That Skitters : There's somethin' I've noticed up there... Jintha'Alor's full of spiders. Small ones about as big as yer hand. Not an unusual sight for the Hinterlands, but somethin's amiss.To be honest, I don't trust the trolls to keep pets. They're up to somethin'. I need you to bring me some of those spiders. Keep 'em alive if you can, and we'll see what the spirits tell me..."
"Capture the Crab : Everything in my body tells me that Nespirah is trying to speak with me, but I cannot hear her.  Perhaps the naga have done something to her voice.<Duarn thinks to himself for a moment.>Nespirah's voice may be suppressed... that means... we need to find a voice for her!I've got it!  The Idra'kess have been known to train deepseeker crabs as battle companions.  Use this net to capture a crab, and bring it to me.  You will likely find them prowling the chamber's outer edges."
"Jurrix the Striker : Oh, you want to talk?  Fine.I'm Jurrix, the only merc here with half a brain.  The only one with any bite to my attacks, too.  The only reason I keep these meat shields around is to keep myself from getting killed.Listen, you're the boss of this operation.  You give the word, and I'll send a fireball right through your target's heart.  If things start getting hectic, I can even warp time a bit so you can fit in a few extra attacks.Why don't we go try fighting together?"
"Old Whitebark's Pendant : The pendant has the initials L.R. etched on to it.  Perhaps these letters will lead to the pendant's maker."
"Waiting to Exsanguinate : The Gilneas Liberation Front leader, Darius Crowley, has been meeting with another worgen inside this cottage for the past three days. I'm not sure what's going on, but we need to get inside the cottage and find a good hiding place from where we can eavesdrop.It's now or never, <race>. We may never get another shot.Just promise me that if I don't make it, you'll return to Forsaken High Command and inform Belmont of whatever we discover."
"Burnin' at Both Ends : Har! We get to jump right inta the action, <name>. Looks like Highbank has whatcha call a zeppelin problem: that airship is poundin' the crap outta the walls.Listen, I've got me an idear so stupid it's genius. I just need some cannon powder.Collect as much as you can find around Highbank an' meet me by the trade area!"
"The Stolen Letters : You want to know about Stalvan...You're not the first, you know. We get outsiders coming through asking about him every so often. Always outsiders. Everyone who lives here knows better.You're out of luck, anyway. I'm missing half the archives. Feral worgen broke into the town hall not a few nights ago and tore the place to shreds.The documents you'll want are probably strewn all across Brightwood Grove by now, deep in the woods to the west. Not worth it if you ask me."
"Mauti : I got da feeling dat somethin' ain't right wit' dat panther, <name>.  It ain't natural.  I gonna need to perform some rituals over da body.  Put Mauti down, an' den let's see what we can find out, <name>."
"A Decisive Strike : It appears that these beasts in Loch Modan are following the lead of a chieftain named Grawmug. He's the biggest of all the troggs here, lurking deep within the darkness of the caves to the north.If you feel yourself worthy, <name>, I want you to lead the assassination mission on Grawmug."
"Hot On the Trail: The Riverpaw Clan : Seeing as how we have no other leads, we may as well chase down the information you got.There are a couple of Riverpaw gnoll camps in the area. Track them down and search for clues. Bring back anything that you might find. Isolate your search to the Riverpaw gnolls and scouts."
"Waking the Beast : Thanks to you and the Legionnaire, Nespirah has full control of her body... but most of the naga don't know this yet.  Once we make our escape, she will activate her biological defenses and destroy the naga from within.Make yourself ready... I will now tell Nespirah to begin the countdown."
"Tuning the Gnomecorder : The gnomecorder looks to be in working order. I've got you all hooked up, now we just need to tune the gnomecorder for reception.Head north out of Lakeshire and follow the road up to the graveyard. Once you reach the graveyard I'll attempt to transmit."
"Just You and Mathias : The SI:7 are all dead. Time to find Master Mathias Shaw.Good thing the squad commander told you where he would be."
"Into Occupied Territory : Now, the more direct course of action that we are going to take, to figure out what these night elves are really up to, is to have you go to their island and steal any information that you can come by.I want you to head west down the road out of town to Shalandis Isle, just off the coast. Go there and recover any plans they might have on the island or on their ship."
"Attune the Bloodstone : Did you have fun fighting your way to the back of this cave?  I admit, I haven't picked the most... convenient of spots to perform my studies, especially for passing adventurers who wish to enter and leave at will.However, I can allow you to attune yourself to my bloodstone teleporters.  Simply place your hands on the stone in the back corner, and you will be teleported outside of the cave.  Then use the stone outside to teleport back!"
"The Yorgen Worgen : My kinsmen at Raven Hill are concerned with curing the feral worgen in these forests. The condition itself cannot be lifted, but sanity can be restored to those not too far gone.While most here have proven beyond help, we keep an eye out for those that retain vestiges of their minds... attachments to their old lives.I've seen a lone worgen lurking the Yorgen Farmstead, digging in a pile of dirt between the buildings...could you check out that pile and see if he's left anything?"
"Rest For the Weary : You have done well, <race>, but there is much more to do and I grow weary.I have expended a great deal of energy sending a distress message to Earthen Ring leadership, pleading for their help.I must rest if I am to be of further use to us here.Speak to the leader of the men you've saved and do what you can to help them prepare for battle.The naga are scouring the waters for us. It is but a matter of time before they return - and they will surely come in even greater force."
"Evidence Collection : The material of this bandana is identical to the material found at the Furlbrow murder scene. You should collect more red bandanas as evidence and return what you find to Captain Alpert."
"Numismatics : I hate to be too cynical, but I don't think we're gonna find Nolan in one piece. Or in a lot of pieces.  Nolan was a nut for finding rare coins. He's been from one end of the world to the other finding them, and now he's gone and gotten himself killed looking for more mint condition Draenei coins. Tell you what - let me show you what these coins look like, you bring me a few more of them and I'll set up an exhibit in his honor."
"Speak to Shakes : Let's not leave Captain O'Breen waiting. He'll want to see these gems first hand. After all, that's why we're here!And after a few weeks of consorting with these pirates, the professor and I have realized the last thing that's good for our health is to be caught hanging on to their treasure.Here, <name>, take these to O'Breen."
"Somethin' for the Boys : Cleaned up the camp and ran errands for Forgehammer?  Not bad for a wee <class>.  Take these to Iain at Firebeard Cemetery, and he should reward you for a job well done."
"The Air Strikes Must Continue : We've taken the armory from the enemy thanks to our aerial attacks against the Legion's forces in the Dead Scar.As a matter of fact, it's gone so well that we're going to continue our air strikes against them.  Take these arcane charges and use them against their forces.Talk to Ayren Cloudbreaker at the Sun's Reach Harbor when you're ready for flight."
"Shadow Priest Sarvis : Are you still here, <name>?  You know, I'm only a deathguard.  I don't have many tasks I can hand out to passers-by like you.I'd recommend that you talk to Shadow Priest Sarvis.  I remember, he helped me get on my feet after I was plucked out of that tomb.  I'm sure he'll do the same for you.You'll find him just inside the chapel, here on the west side of town."
"To the Depths : The Earthen Ring has identified the watery realm of Vashj'ir as a source of the adversary's destructive energies.It is still uncertain what dangers might be faced there. Any information you could gather would be of great value.The Horde is sending warships to the region as we speak. To gain passage, speak to Commander Thorak at Bladefist Bay.May the spirits guide you, <name>."
"Propaganda : We've noticed a rise in violent acts amongst the homeless of the area. Something or someone is getting them all riled up. Now whoever is behind all this is getting more organized. Just recently a group of thugs came through here handing out pamphlets.Enter Moonbrook and look for evidence. Propaganda, leaflets, whatever... Bring whatever you find back to me. Maybe we can find the source through the writings."
"Put It On : Hey, <name>, I've got an idea for a disguise! Take one of these merciless whatchamacallits and put it on your head.What could possibly go wrong?Ready to put it on?"
"Return of the Bravo Company : I don't know who you are, <mister/missy>, but you've earned the respect and admiration of the Bravo Company. You've managed to save all our hides and kill a boatload of orcs in the process. Now we return the favor.Get back to Lakeshire and report to Colonel Troteman. We'll find Johnny and deliver the good news in person. With the Bravo Company back in action, these orcs don't stand a chance."
"Plush Pelts : Hi, I'm the town merchant!  And Bronwyn's my dad!Sorry, I shouldn't get too excited.  Father says it's not professional.Anyhow, people always come to me asking for heavy leather, or rough hides, but I think they might also like it if I had some soft materials... like tiger fur!  Think you could get some for me?You'll find a few panthers nearby, but if you want to see the big tigers, you'll have to go northwest from here... north of that big troll arena."
"Eye Spy : I'll be honest, <name>. That thing gives me the willy-willies. But seein' as you went to all the trouble of bringin' it here, I s'pose we ought to put it to use.You first.Peer into the eye and ask it to show you inside Cho'gall's Bastion of Twilight. We'll find out what that fat two-headed bugger is up to, and use it against him."
"Night Web's Hollow : One of our greatest struggles is obtaining the natural resources we need to survive.  Gold was scarce in Lordaeron, even in the height of the Alliance's power so many years ago.There is a gold mine to the west that has been overrun with spiders.  We need gold from the mine, but we can't very well get it while the spiders are crawling around in there.  I've not much manpower to commit to the task, so we'll just have to do it little by little.Get up there and see what you can do for us, <name>."
"Protecting the Shipment : We need to get this powder to Ironband, but this cart isn't going anywhere now. It'll be a lot for us to carry, and these parts can get dangerous -- and who knows what else the Dark Irons might have in store for us now that Saean is with them.I'll feel a lot better if you helped me watch over things. Miran can offload the powder kegs at camp while you and I protect the cart."
"Yorla Darksnare : I've found out who's pulling the strings on this operation here. Yorla Darksnare is directing the Dark Iron dwarves from a camp to the east, and it might've been orders to have the gnolls steal Ironforge's gold in the first place.What's more, she's a wanted criminal... she's been inciting rebellion and attacks against Ironforge since Magni was still alive.She can't slip through our fingers this time, <name>. Go and get her!"
"The Missing Magistrix : We sent one of our operatives to investigate the fel portal in the middle of Dawning Square, south of here.  She never returned.Take this scroll we found on one of the enemy corpses.  We believe it will grant you access through the portal.  Once through, find Magistrix Seyla and aid her in any way you can."
"Defenders of Darrowshire : The battle of Darrowshire was one of the many tragedies that we humans suffered at the hands of the Scourge.  Its effects are still felt even today.Many of the town's valiant defenders now roam again as the ghastly servants of the Scourge.  We will end their misery.Hunt cannibal ghouls here within the Plaguewood.  Many of these fiends were once the good folk of Darrowshire, and destroying their forms now will set their souls free."
"Two By Sea : The Forsaken catapults are kicking the snot out of us, <name>.  And even if we do take care of them, they've two ships with rows of cannons at the ready.I've a plan to kill two birds with one stone.  You're the stone in this plan.Take out the machinists manning the catapults.  After this, use the catapults to launch yourself aboard the Forsaken ships.If your aim isn't terrible, you should be able to land safely.  Once onboard, go below decks and take care of each ship's captain.  Good luck, <class>."
"The Battle for Hillsbrad : The journal documents the last 62 days of Clerk Horrace Whitesteed's life. In it is written damning allegations against Warden Stillwater and his activities at the Sludge Fields.You should show this to the warden. He will undoubtedly have an explanation for what is written in this journal."
"Push Them Out : The people are free, but the town is still occupied by the Forsaken.  They're cut off from their main force, so if we're to drive them out, now's our chance.Their leader, Executor Cornell, is known  for his unbound ruthlessness.  Also among them is Valnov the Mad, a so-called scientist who carries out inhuman experiments on villagers too old to work the mines.Take care of them all."
"Nesingwary Will Know : So da Gurubashi be on da rampage an' dey usin' serpents to lead da charge.You know who be good at keepin' da animal population in check?  Da hunters at Nesingwary's Expedition.Head over dere and see how dey doin'.  See if dey know a good way to get rid of da serpents.If dey don't know, den you gotta at least warn dem dat dese serpents, it ain't all natural."
"The Sentinel's Game : As you place the statue in its place, several other stone statues appear in the room.  One more ruby-colored statue also appears, in a small enclosure on the far end of the room.  You hear a voice:  ""The Sentinel watches.  The Sentinel protects.   The Sentinel's vision never falters.""That red statue on the other side of the room looks important.  Perhaps you should try to connect the two red statues?"
"The Amulet of Grol : Grol... the ogre who tore me apart.<Loramus laughs.>It would seem that Grol's body has changed hands several times since we died together, but it no longer rests with the ogres.  His body, along with his amulet of power, is in a wrecked ship off the Shattershore, to the east.  His amulet is the last... once combined, the three will give us access to Razelikh, and therein lies our chance to stop his madness."
"Little Pamela : The battle for Darrowshire still haunts me, <race>.  I wake up in cold sweats, convinced that I'm still there; that it is happening all over again.I've coped with the loss of my comrades, but the loss of my family members is still cripplingly painful.  One of my kin lost during the attack was my young niece, Pamela.If you are brave enough to enter Darrowshire, will you search for any sign of Pammy?  Darrowshire's ruins are due south of here."
"The Battle Resumes! : Word is in from Andorhal, <name>.  The battle has resumed.It has become somewhat well-known among the Alliance forces that you're a hero of the first battle of Andorhal.  Thassarian has requested your presence immediately."
"Maliciously Delicious : You know, I've got a problem you might be able to help me out with, here.See, in addition to the fine pursuit of arms dealing, I'm trying to liven up the entertainment here in Bogpaddle. Apparently there's a bunch of these makrura things in the north waters that don't take kindly to the wild beach parties we've been throwing.Joke's on them. I'm not gonna be pushed around by giant lobsters; they're my next source of revenue! You bring me some of their tails and we'll turn a problem into profit."
"The Winds of Loch Modan : Father finished the Skystrider. It's amazing! Once we get the bugs worked out, I'm going to use it to fight for justice, just like you.I know you've got to move on, and help other people, being a hero and all, but how about a ride? I'm about to take the Skystrider on its first flight, and I'll be honored if you join me. I'll drop you off at Algaz Station.What do you say?"
"Incriminating Documents : The documents contain detailed maps of different strategic buildings in Eversong Woods.  A diagram of an arcane sanctum is also sketched in good detail.  There seem to be numerous notes in a language you don't recognize.As these were carried by a Darnassian spy, it might be a good idea to bring them to the Captain of the Guard - Aeldon Sunbrand."
"Scourge First... Alliance Later : Darkmaster Gandling of the Cult of the Damned leads the Scourge offensive here in Andorhal.  My old counterpart, Thassarian, leads the Alliance forces.  If we're to win Andorhal, we'll have to defeat both, but we will certainly fail if we take on both at once.I know Thassarian well enough to know that he will focus on the Scourge first.  We will do the same.Take out the weaker, desiccated Scourge to reduce their numbers.  The Alliance will have to wait to taste our wrath."
"Wormthorn's Dream : Not surprisingly, most of our citizens in Surwich did not come to the Blasted Lands for the pleasant atmosphere.  They came following the dream of an idealistic druid: Marl Wormthorn.  Wormthorn believed that the Tainted Scar could be healed, and attempted to grow it back.It looks like he was wrong.  He grew his forest, but the land is still plagued by demons, and his great-tree is twisted and gnarled.I'm still hopeful.  Maybe if we head into the Tainted Forest and clear out some of the taint..."
"Val'kyr Incursion : The val'kyr were one of the Scourge's primary weapons.  Not only were they skilled in battle, but they could be used to convert corpses into Scourge minions.  To think that Sylvanas is stooping to such levels for the sake of the Forsaken...We need to stop the val'kyr before they wipe us out and turn our army against us.  Slay as many as you can find.  And bring some of these minutemen with you.  If they've survived this long, then they must have some battle skill."
"Ol' Blasty : We've got some work to do.  How much experience have you got with cannons?  Hmm... really?  Well, how about with ancient, fallin'-apart pirate cannons?We've got a few cannons updecks that work the old-fashioned way: you load one cannonball in at a time, aim, lock it into place, and fire.  Works well if you're tryin' to hit the side of a three-sailer... not so well for rowboats and the like.Why don't you head upstairs and lob a few shots at Smilin' Timmy Sticks?"
""
"Coastal Delicacies! : My spiders are hungry and agitated! They haven't eaten for days and are starting to sample our human captives. We can't have that. We need those humans for use in the Sludge Fields.I want you to take one of my hungry mine spiders out and feed it murlocs from the Western Strand, south of here. Whatever you kill, it'll eat! The more the better!"
"In Defense of the King's Lands : We need to protect the Loch, <name>! With so many of the King's soldiers fighting valiantly on remote battlefields, we've become overwhelmed on the home front. Troggs are tunneling up from every crevice! The trogg infestation poses the largest threat to Ironforge.We need you, brave adventurer, to venture forth and lay waste to the trogg threat. Slay twelve Stonesplinter troggs and venture back."
"On to Kharanos : Some of the mountaineers under Stonegrind's command were telling me about the situation out at Kharanos. When the troggs took over Frostmane Hold, it sounds like the surviving trolls fled westward, deep into the heart of the dwarven homeland.Now, they threaten the dwarven town of Kharanos. It sounds like they're going to need all the help they can get. You should go to Kharanos and introduce yourself to Captain Tharran. Just follow the road east out of Brewnall and keep going until you see the town."
"SI:7 Drop : Mathias Shaw and the SI:7 are here to assist us with operations up top in the Twilight Citadel. I need you to escort them there.The Wildhammer are being kind enough to give us a lift in. The agents have some things that they need to do down in the Twilight Gate area first, though.Speak with Angus Stillmountain and get yourself a squad to drop off. You'll fly them in. A big blue X marks the spot."
"No Escape : You must strike at their leaders, <name>. You will find them holed up in the old keep. Battle your way inside and find the holdouts! Turn them for your queen!None shall escape the mighty grasp of the Forsaken!"
"Ace in the Hole : You have no idea how difficult it was to stay disguised while I watched Koltira let this war slip away from us.  Even now, those infernal farmers threaten to overwhelm us.  All because he refused to slay a friend.Take my val'kyr again, <name>.  With her by your side, kill these farmers, convert them to Forsaken, and mobilize them.  Then take a group of them into Alliance-held western Andorhal and hunt down this death knight, Thassarian.We will win this war yet."
"Mukla's Demise : <name>, I now put my faith in you to help free me.  The great Skymane King Mukla is my captor.  He commands the beasts of this island, and they keep me here against my will with the aid of this chain.  If you can slay him and find the key to this shackle, I shall be indebted to you greatly.I often hear him to the southeast side of the island, but please be careful: he is not to be trifled with."
"The Corpsebeasts : To the south, gutless cultists are focused on a grim task: re-animating enormous hunks of flesh, to create giants known as corpsebeasts.  Luckily for us, these giants are still lifeless and weak.Take this charm - using it will place a font of holy energy on the ground.  If you can manage to place three of them near one of the corpsebeasts that the cultists are reanimating, the holy energy should overload it, destroying its body forever."
"The Baroness' Missive : The note is from Baroness Anastari, and it describes a ritual that is about to happen in the Plaguewood's central slaughterhouse - just south of where Tarenar is at.  This could be where they're holding Gidwin!Tarenar will want to know about this... and quickly, before it's too late!"
"A Lashtail Hatchling : Upon dealing the final blow to the lashtail eggs, you look down to see a newborn hatchling looking back up at you.  You can see it studying you, learning your features and following your movements.The lashtail hatchling has formed a bond with you.Your original assignment was to thin out the raptors, but you have fulfilled your egg quota, and this one is an innocent newborn.  Perhaps someone back at Grom'gol Base Camp will know what to do with a raptor hatchling."
"Sacred to the Bloodscalp : Ahh... these must be names of their totemic creatures - the animals that they attribute to the spirits.  Let's see... Mahamba as water, Tsul'Kalu as earth, Pogeyan as... air?  Fire?  I can't make this part out.I'd like some more information on these spirits of theirs.  The Bloodscalp have a camp close to here, in the Tkashi ruins.  Maybe you can find some details there."
"Aiming High : Lookie here, <name>. I found the biggest gun in Highbank! We're gonna try a technique handed down ta me by my pappy, from his pappy, from his pappy, shortly before he got blowed up.It's called the ""<class>-shot.""You take a <race> <class>, and load <him/her> inta a gigantic cannon, and then ya - oh relax. This usually works.Take these explosives, then wait here next ta me. As soon as that blimpy comes around I'll blast you onto tha deck. Plant the explosives in 'er belly and, oh I dunno, make it up as you go."
"Odor Coater : Marvelous creation if I do say so myself. Ready for deployment.Simply spray the clam divers with a bit of the chemical and they shall soon be accompanied by a protective aquatic companion. You can even spray yourself to similar effect if you so desire.Speaking of desire, I would highly recommend that you moderate deployment of the chemical attractor to minimal applications. Large doses could result in undesirable effects...Undesirable for you anyway. Likely very desirable for the fish.Away!"
"The Prison Rooftop : I don't understand why the king wants to waste time saving his hide, but if you want to risk your life, then be my guest.Crowley and his men are holed up upstairs, probably plotting against the king as we speak!"
"The Maw of Iso'rath : We are ready to attack the beast. First, we need to destroy it's tentacles, then Yevaa will perform a ritual to summon a powerful fire elemental that we will drop into its maw.I want you to fly out with our first group attack. Hold steady until an opportunity presents itself, then join the battle with the rest of the shaman in cutting the tentacles down.Take any one of the gryphons when you're ready to join the assault."
"Unstable Mana Crystals : A group of Wretched recently raided a supply of unstable mana crystals from one of our arcane sanctums.  If not handled properly, the crystals could explode with enough force to blow a hole into the city walls.Now, <name>, I don't quite care if they blow themselves up while tapping unstable arcane sources, but the whole incident would make my men look bad.Bring me back any remaining stolen crystals you find; they might still be inside their original crates."
"Pelt Collection : The springpaw that inhabit this region are known for their high quality pelts.  We've even seen night elf scum travel to these lands just to poach them.Our skirmishes with the Amani have put a bit of a strain on our supply of gear and our rangers don't have much time to hunt for pelts anymore.  If you'd be willing to lend a hand by collecting springpaw pelts, I'd be happy to reward you with a hand-crafted piece of armor.  You'll find springpaw stalkers all around the woods north of here."
"War Machines : Dried-up Scourge... weak.  Abominations... strong.We defeat strong abominations... we win war."
"Runestones of Binding : ON THE OTHER... SIDE OF... MY CHAMBER THERE... ARE... CANDIDATES FOR ASCENSION.WE WILL NEED... THEIR... RUNESTONES OF BINDING... TO CREATE A... MEANS OF CONTROLLING... A BOUND ELEMENTAL."
"High Priestess Jeklik : Ahead of you looms a ramp up to one of the city's many terraces.  The bat-shaped totems ahead of you indicate that this is the domain of High Priestess Jeklik, a follower of Hir'eek.Jeklik was one of the Hakkar-worshipping priests that Zanzil was planning to resurrect.  Perhaps if you hurry, you can stop the resurrection!"
"Worth Its Weight in Gold : Archmage Malin sent me here to collect reagents for him. I was at a loss as to how I was going to collect the items, but now that you're here, I think my problem's solved.I need Witherbark tusks and Witherbark medicine pouches.Could you find those for me? The Witherbark live to the southeast of Arathi."
"Drowned Sorrows : Argh, 'tis a horrible life. I should be in a watery grave right now, not sittin' here by the fire, breathin' fresh air.The crew tried so hard to save my beautiful Maiden's Folly. Bless the boys, bless their hearts.O'Breen made it to shore safely but we weren't so lucky. The seas just sank on us, I swear.One second we're afloat and the next water is rushin' in. And those beasts! Killed all the survivors. Horrible naga scum. I went black and ended up here, saved.I want those beasts dead."
"Caught Off-Guard : Our escape from the shell can't have gone unnoticed, but either the naga at these ruins weren't informed or they don't consider us a threat. I don't intend to take the opportunity for granted - we strike now.I need you to slip into the lower level of the ruins to our west and take out as many of their patrols as you can. We cannot risk any of those patrols finding out about our occupation of this cave - make sure none escape."
"Author! Author! : We've reviewed the tome recovered from Karazhan. Though we found references to the Pillars of Creation, one piece of crucial information was omitted from the book... where to find the artifacts.Fortunately, we have access to an expert on the subject.The author, Alodi, was the first Guardian of Tirisfal. His spirit is forever bound to the Forge of the Guardian, which has been hidden in our safekeeping. I think the time has come to call him forth."
"Salvage Operation : Between the Horde and the naga, our fleet has been decimated. We can't do anything to bring back the men who gave their lives to the sea, but sink me if I allow all of our supplies to be lost forever.Swim out to the Obsidian Breakers southwest of Highbank and retrieve our supplies from the wrecks and the ocean floor."
"Forcible Acquisition : I've got a little proposition for you, if you're interested.The Dark Iron dwarves were here long before we arrived.  That means that, once these titan ruins opened up, the Dark Irons were the first ones in there, looting all the choice items.  I'll bet they've still got those treasures locked up inside Angor Fortress, northwest of here.I want you to find such a treasure... then steal it."
"Our Fallen Friends : Based on what you're telling me, it sounds like there aren't many survivors... just restless spirits.  The least we can do is give them their rest.<Enohar takes a long draw off of a mug of black ale.>Head back to the Shattershore and vanquish the worgen ghosts that still remain.  Doing so should release their spirit from this world and allow them to pass into the next."
"In Time, All Will Be Revealed : The Dark Lady has sent you and Arthura here for a very specific purpose. Before I tell you more, we must make preparations.Head east into the forest of Gilneas and search near the trees and rocks of the region for a special plant known as wolfsbane. Gather as much of the wolfsbane as you can carry and return to me.Our mission here goes far beyond the scope of the battlefield, <name>. In time, all will be revealed."
"Parting Packages : I'm sure Patch has some grand scheme in mind, but this wouldn't be an assault if we didn't leave some explosive presents behind.Get down there and plant some of these explosives on the boat, in the keep entrance, and in one of those northern towers. That should be enough to leave them reeling.We're heading down to the ground as well. Meet us at the eastern tower when you're through."
"Dah, Nunt... Dah, Nunt... : So, seein' as ya been so kind to me, I'm inclined to let you in on a special secret.I've found the biggest shiney of all, no more than 50 steps from where we're standin'!Only one thing stands between you, me, and great fortune - and his name is Gnaws.Don't fret now - I've got a plan.Gnaws loves his grubs, so I've loaded one up with that gunpowder so as to make like a trap of sorts, ya see?Just set it floatin' up in the reef. Once the shark is dead, we're rich!"
"A Closer Look : We've seen countless ships sail past the shore to the southeast, but most pass by inconspicuously.  Several days ago, however, a powerful storm carried several of the ships to shore and left them wrecked.I'd bet a pint of Nethergarde Bitter that they were Horde ships if I didn't love Nethergarde Bitter so much.  I can pay you gold, though, if you'll go check out those ships and report back."
"Tiger Hunting : When I was but a young girl, my father trained me in the art of tiger hunting.You'll find the young felines much easier to track and slay.  One can often find young tigers near the expedition camp.Test your tracking skills and see if you can hunt some of the beasts down.  Start your hunt near our camp, to the south."
"Step One: The Priestess : My brethren are being butchered here. It's as I thought.I must ask your help further before I enter, <name>. In the passageway outside this room, the hallway proceeds left and right. To the right, it goes down to the Chamber of Blood. Here the Atal'ai perform their dark rituals.They have expected and prepared for my kind for years, but not for you. Enter the Chamber of Blood and slay the Priestess Udum'bra. She is one of three foul presences here that must be vanquished before I may enter."
"Discover Rolf's Fate : Upon further searching the area, you find webbed footprints leading east along the shore of Stone Cairn Lake.  In the distance to the east, you can just barely see a Murloc village.Perhaps Rolf's fate ended there..."
"Yowler Must Die! : <The gnomecorder hums.>You need to find Yowler, <name>. He'll be located somewhere in the northern region of Redridge Canyons. Kill that mongrel and search his corpse for the Blackrock invasion plans. Should you succeed, bring the plans to me over at the town hall in Lakeshire.Solomon, out."
"Zen'Kiki, the Druid : I am Adrine Towhide, a druid of the Cenarion Circle.  You can thank us for healing this land, where once there was only death.We accept all who choose to follow the druidic path, regardless of race, faction, or talent.  Occasionally that means we enlist a druid who needs more help than others.I'd like you to meet Zen'Kiki.  He's pretty new, and he's still learning his craft.  Would you mind taking him out with you for a while?  You can practice combat on the plagued animals that roam nearby."
"Striking Back : My chief engineer tells me that he's managed to get one of the bombers repaired and airworthy. Take these bombs with you, and look for the repaired bomber at the start of the runway.Once you're airborne, use the bombs to do as much damage to the attacking Dark Iron dwarves as you can. I've heard rumors that they're preparing to deploy a new kind of war golem. Keep your eyes peeled for those golems and make them your highest priority targets."
"Fuselight, Ho! : Hey, <race>, listen up.  I got a job opportunity that you aren't gonna want to miss out on.We been sent up here from Fuselight, a new goblin town way down in the Badlands.  Lots of money to be had down there, yes <sir/ma'am>.  And not nearly so many zombies... or uptight Argent paladin-types.Nope, it's an untamed wilderness down there, and we're looking for someone like you to help us tame it.  Whenever you're ready... we'll be waiting."
"Protect the Frontier : Hail, <name>.  Wild animals are growing more and more aggressive the farther we get from Goldshire, and the Eastvale Logging Camp suffers nearly constant attacks from wolves and bears!We could use your help out here."
"The Warden's Pawn : Once those Reliquary honks got here, we panicked, and we all just started looting indiscriminately.A lot of bad archaeology happened that day.Luckily, Olga happened upon this small jade statue.  We thought it to be a key of some sort, but can't figure out what it opens.  Maybe you'll have some better luck with it."
"Lordaeron : Ride with me to the Sepulcher, <name>. There are many things I wish to discuss with you. It is imperative that you understand the history of Lordaeron and the plight of the Forsaken."
"Sigil of Strom : In ancient times, Lord Ignaeus of Strom, named Trollbane, led the first human civilization of Arathor in war against the trolls. His blade was Trol'kalar--troll slayer, in their ancient tongue.I was one of the last of his line, sworn with guarding Trol'kalar...a duty in which I failed. But now, we will obtain it once more, for my new master.The sword is bound by three sigils. The first is held by the Syndicate traitors that lurk the ruins of Stromgarde. Slay them, and return the sigil to me."
"Crushblow : You've more than proved your intent and your abilities. With Grim Batol cut off and the black dragons routed, the Twilight's Hammer are cornered in their Citadel.Go to your leaders. You should find them west, at Crushblow. Let them know that when the attack on the Twilight Citadel begins, the red flight shall fill the skies above. You may not be able to atone for all of the sins your allies have committed, but in this one battle, we shall be by your side.The Twilight's Hammer will fall."
"The Spoils of War : We've toppled a giant today, <name>.  While the Blackrock orcs still swarm in their spire, I doubt their plans will take them anywhere near Redridge anytime soon.  You and Keeshan saw to that.I'd say we were fairly resourceful here in Burning Steppes - those warlock supplies we collected certainly came in handy, as did the obsidian ash that we used to conceal our dragon.There were, however, some collected items left over.  Please, take your pick before you move on, beyond the steppes."
"Felendren the Banished : A betrayer of our people resides atop Falthrien Academy to the southwest.Felendren is his name, and he was banished from blood elf lands for failing to heed the warnings of our teachers and elders.  He is the worst of our society, as he lives only to feed his insatiable magical addictions.  He refused to learn control; he is a shell of his former self - one of the Wretched - and he is a threat to the Sunspire.Destroy him and the wraiths he uses as minions."
"Still Assessing the Threat : Damned worthless gnolls are up to no good. I can feel it in my bones. Gnoll activity in the area has tripled in the past two weeks. I fear they might be mounting up to make an assault on Lakeshire.I need you to head to each of the gnoll camps of this area and gather any information that you come across. Check the camps directly north of here, east of here and southeast of here. Bring back whatever you find."
"Coup de Grace : Look at that. Lirastrasza's destroying them!There are drakes that she's downing that need finishing off, <name>. Wouldn't want the Twilight's healers to get them back up into the air.Time for a little Coup de Grace."
"The Princess Unleashed : Myzrael is a deceiver. She is an ancient force sealed long ago, and must be kept that way.You must confront her at the Shards of Myzrael where you first spoke with her.  Summon her with this scroll, and when she has been fully brought to the surface, defeat her. Then take the Eldritch Shackles from her body and place them on the Shards to keep her fully bound once more.Good luck, <name>... may my past trouble you no more."
"Enough Damage For One Day : We do not have any further strategic need for Thorg'izog or the Blackrock ground troops.  We must continue to the next phase of the plan.When you are finished at the stronghold, return to us here in Chiselgrip."
"Operation: Stir the Cauldron : I'm putting you on a flying machine, <name>.You'll be responsible for softening our landing into the slag pit.  Speak with your flight master here in Thorium Point, then fly down to the gorge.Once you near your landing point, there will undoubtedly be hordes of Dark Iron dwarves waiting for you.  Use our flying machine's guns to take out as many of them as you can, then land at the cavern's entrance.  Rendan should be waiting for you by the time you arrive."
"Torn Ground : It won't be takin' much convincin' to turn us against da Twilight - dat's already our goal. We've already come to battle here though, so we may be needin' ya help before we can turn towards dere fortress.Da Twilight have already brought Iso'rath up from da ground to the south, I'm sure ya noticed. Its tentacles have been burstin' from da ground all around us. We could use a hand beatin' them down if you be willin'."
"Gargal, the Behemoth : You may not have noticed, but I'm pretty big, as far as orcs go.I make sure that my two pals here don't get into too much trouble.  They're small, and they don't have a big shield like me.  I'm big, and I can handle a few monsters hitting me!  Plus, if I'm careful, I can usually get them to hit my shield instead!I can protect you, too.  Come on, let's go practice for a bit.  I'll make sure the enemies attack me, and not you."
"Home... Gone... Naga... : <The murloc struggles to speak your language.>Rockpool... attacked.  Naga turn, take village, villagers.Salt-Flop escape, but others do not.  Go south, talk to Chief Neptool.  Maybe he survive."
"Just Like Old Times : It's funny. Kin and I have been through so much together, and here we find ourselves back in Arathi, like so many years ago.We broke up a plot to create a new plague right here, her and I. It doesn't look like the Horde learned their lesson, because they're all over this farm yet again.Their undead courier is shuffling around as obvious as daylight. If you want to help, find the courier and bring back whatever they're carrying."
"The Hammer of Twilight : While you were in the mine, I was able to figure out where the Hammer of Twilight is being kept. They created it at the Altar of Twilight to the south.More important than that, the cultists have made a critical error: Cho'gall is personally overseeing its final construction.<Garona begins sharpening her blades.>Many Kor'kron died to bring us this information."
"Paint it Black : The ground bleeds, <class>. They tear it open, as one would gouge flesh.These cultists relish their secrecy but the very elementals they use for their misdeeds can betray them. Seek out Obsidian Stoneslaves northeast of here, among the ruined earth we have named the Black Breach.Shatter their bodies and find for me a perfect heart of black diamond. I will look into this heart. And I will bare its soul."
"Know Your Ley Lines : Freeloaders!You all want instant gratification - never giving thought to the effort required to create even the simplest of portals.Perhaps a little education will instill a bit of gratitude for my ceaseless efforts.Take this crystal. Attune it to the Bloodcrystal to the west, at the Dawning Square portal just south of here, and at the naga shrine at Greengill Coast to the southeast.Perhaps then you'll appreciate your precious translocations...."
"The Hunter's Revenge : The beast that's been hunting us... I've been hunting it.We call him Mauti.  He's a clever one.  But he made a grave mistake when he killed my brother.  Now that mistake is going to cost him.  Ol' Direhammer has got his scent.I've noticed him roaming just above Kurzen's Compound.  If we act fast, we can take him down.Are you ready, <name>?"
"Transdimensional Warfare: Chapter II : <The Banshee Queen's words float in your head.>You are now ready to use the portal. Be warned, <name>, once you step through you will appear in another dimension at Ambermill. There will be a hundred, perhaps a thousand, magi waiting to kill you.You must persevere and kill all in your path."
"I Am the Law and I Am the Lash : I've been looking for a good, strong soldier like you.  I need someone to keep my troops in line.Outside the stronghold, you will find orcs, ogres, and trolls preparing for the assault on Redridge.  My sergeants keep them in line, but I'd like you to assist them.Take this cudgel and discipline a few of my soldiers.  I don't care if they're misbehaving or standing perfectly in line, I want them beaten.  I want them focused, battle-hardened, and obedient.Now go."
"Across the Great Divide : We will need to press deeper into Vashj'ir if we want to uncover what the naga are doing here.Go to the Lightless Reaches, the giant chasm bordering the Kelp'thar Forest to the west.  If you look across it, you should see a cluster of plant-life surrounding the entrance to Damplight Chamber.Once you're inside the cave, it's a bit of a ride up until you break surface, but I have friends there that should provide you a warm welcome."
"Lost Necklace : I lost my necklace and I think that guttersnipe Billy Maclure took it!  He's usually scuttling like a rat around the Maclure Vineyards east of here. Get my necklace back for me and you'll warm an old widow's heart."
"At War With The Scarlet Crusade : Though the strength of the Scarlet Crusade wanes, we are still at war.  The report Executor Arren sent me indicates Scarlet Crusaders have been raiding from the ruined tower in southeastern Tirisfal near the Balnir Farmstead under the command of Captain Vachon.Kill 3 of his zealots and 4 of his friars. It should prove to be a devastating blow to the Crusade!"
"A Lure : Stick this device on your head, then swim through the kelp and coral along the canyon's edge.  There should be all kinds of little fish in there that find your new antenna irresistible.When we return to Darkbreak Cove, we'll have armfuls of fish for everyone!"
"Greasing the Wheel : Sorry about that.  I was pretty sure you were one of those spider-beasts, doing a bad <race> impression.How do you do?  Gidwin Goldbraids, at your service.  I'm in a bit of a hurry back to my caravan, but I was wondering if you might do me one last favor?  My pal Fiona runs a small shop, and she could probably use some of these herbs that grow along the river shore.I'm thinking if we give her some nice herbs, she'll be MUCH less likely to murder me.  That's the plan, anyway."
"The Demons and the Druid : The Reliquary is focused on the acquisition and preservation of magical artifacts.  Our particular excursion is focused on the demonic artifacts that are hidden in what used to be the Tainted Scar.A worgen druid has taken residence in the scar and is coaxing a forest to grow.  He seems to be failing, however, as the area is still infested with demons.Anyhow, his forest stands in the way of our excursion, as do these demons.  Slay the tainted ones, then return to me so we might deal with the druid."
"The Final Ritual : The knife is ready.  Loramus is present, and he knows what he must do.  I must now take the three amulets and use their enchantment to grant you access to Razelikh, the amulets' creator.I am prepared to perform the ritual on you and Loramus.  Speak with me when you are both ready."
"Lady La-La's Medallion : Dozens of crude gold links make up this heavy chain.Dangling from the center link is an opalescent fragment of what must have once been a large shell-shaped medallion.You wonder if the other fragments might be nearby, and if the medallion might be reassembled into its original state."
"Fenbush Berries : We're good on provisions, but we're in need of some medicine. Half the camp's fiercely hung over, and a remedy's in order.Luckily, I know a good folk remedy taught to me by my dear old mum. We just need some local ingredients.Gather me some fenbush berries, if you would. They keep to where there's water and shade, so look along the shore and near other plants."
"First Sample: Wild Eggs : I am experimenting with black dragons.  Specifically, I am interested in how they procreate.My current experiments require plenty of black dragon eggs, which is why I am here in Lethlor Ravine.  I'd gather the eggs myself, but I think you'll benefit from helping me out.You will find them along the edges of the ravine.  Beware the guardians that circle above - they do not appreciate stolen eggs."
"Communing with the Ancient : Place the dead merciless one upon your head to pose as one of their slaves.Enter L'ghorek. Commune with the ancient."
"Arena Master : There must be more to being a master of the arena than this!  Perhaps the Pirate who runs the event at Gurubashi will know!"
"Sinking From Within : The attack on Booty Bay is looming.  You'll have to return to Booty Bay quickly and inform the Baron.First, however, it might be a good idea to sabotage some of the pirates' supplies while you're still in their favor.  The pirates keep most of their supplies belowdecks, spread out across the entire fleet."
"Pressing Forward : Good work so far. We should find the entrance to Grim Batol just past the next gate.I was ordered to secure the entrance and block off reinforcements while the rest of our men press through the path we've cleared up the canyon. I'm thinking if we get there soon enough, maybe I can let Ticker have a little more fun.Let's get moving down the canyon to the southwest - we should find the next gate pretty quickly."
"A Lost Lad : It was only yesterday that I sent him out to investigate the farm directly east of here, but it feels like an eternity has passed!  True perfection. The way his blond locks framed his perfect blood elf face... Such strength. I didn't want to send him away, but he insisted! How could I refuse him?  Alas, poor Johnny Awesome has not returned! I fear the worst, <name>. Find him!"
"Totem Modification : Okay, I'll let you in on the real work, since you're looking at me so desperately.This rock is untapped! It's probably richer than a trade prince during a great war! I need samples. More samples. Samples from everywhere!I've modified my earth totems to drill through the sand and store samples of the rock underneath. Go find a nice spot and plant one.The shaking and rumbling will probably attract all the cute, curious wildlife, so maybe you can make some friends while you're at it."
"Rundown : They're getting away!These are the same naga that attacked the boats and carried away our friends. We cannot let them escape!Take these spears and run them down with that seahorse of yours... don't waste your time dismounting, just keep after them and kill all that you can with the spears.I will try to hunt down that Fathom-Lord. Meet me at the far end of the ledge when you're done."
"Come Hell or High Water : Oh fer the love of...I know our survivor friend here means well, but the lad's been severely traumatized.There only be one way ta deal with these accursed beasts, an' that be a fine dwarven axe buried hilt-deep in the noggin.Pile up enough o' their corpses an' they'll think twice before fiddlin' with yer tasty bits.Mark me words <laddie/lassie>, them buggers don't like the sight o' their own blood any more than you or I.Now git out there an' give 'em what fer!"
"Traveling on Our Stomachs : I'll need your help if I am to get these men ready for battle.Any decent leader knows that his men travel and fight on their stomachs. No food, no victory.These soldiers are weak from their recent ordeal. They'll need sustenance if they're to put up any kind of fight when the need arises.Speaking of traveling on stomachs, I've seen several crabs out there on the sea floor...."
"Dalar Dawnweaver : Take the codex and travel north to the Sepulcher. Once there, find Dalar Dawnweaver. Dalar is a former archmage of the Kirin Tor. Surely he will be able to bring down the protective wards surrounding this codex and pry its secrets loose.Hurry, <name>."
"A Steady Supply : Hey bud. Seeing as how you're so friendly and great and all, think you might do a dwarf a favor?These are Dunwald ruins... there's SURE to be more stock in some of these buildings. If you come upon more ale, bring it my way, will ya? A good dwarf can never have enough!I'm thinkin' I'll find my way back to Keely, so ya might have to hunt me down, but I'll try'n make it worth it to ya."
"Do it for Twinkles : Warden Stillwater sent me out into the field to investigate the outbreak. When I arrived, Twinkles and I were charged by the lumbering monstrosity known as Verringtan. I was knocked off of Twinkles and immediately ran for my life. Twinkles, though, stayed behind and fought the beast off. Alas, she was defeated and then summarily planted in the soil as if she were some type of glorious star pony seedling.She gave her life to defend me. Vengeance must be mine! If for nothing else, do it for Twinkles!"
"Corrupted Soil : This was a fully functional arcane sanctum before Arthas and his army of Scourge decided to plow through it on their way to Silvermoon.Now it's as useful to us as any part of the Dead Scar.  The soil is tainted, undead are drawn to it and the energy in the ley lines is completely disrupted.What I want to know, <name>, is whether this taint is reversible or not.  I want you to collect soil samples from this area so I can study them.  Perhaps with time we can set things back to normal."
"The Farstrider Enclave : Magisters and Farstriders may not see eye to eye all the time, <name>.  When it comes to Dar'Khan, however, we're all in agreement that a way must be found to defeat him and his legions.Ranger Vynna, at the Farstrider Enclave northeast of here, has come across important information regarding our enemy.  Speak to her and see if you can be of assistance."
"The Downfall of Marl Wormthorn : Wormthorn's unnatural forest threatens our excursion's progress.  His trees' roots break our picks, his moss grows over our excavation sites, and his animals attack my men.  When it comes to digging, I'll take a demon-infested wasteland over a forest any day.Take the demoniac vessel and use it on Marl Wormthorn to pull him from his trance.  Return to me when he is no more."
"Hero's Call: Blasted Lands! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Quartermaster Lungertz at Nethergarde Keep.Nethergarde's garrison urgently needs your help to stem the Horde advance into the Blasted Lands! Travel south from the Swamp of Sorrows and follow the road east to reach Nethergarde Keep.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"A Bone to Pick : We did it!Gnaws is down, and I have our shiney!That's good news.Darn shiney is cursed treasure - makes everyone who touches it a skeleton.That's bad news.These cursed pirates say the Gilblin King has the secret to remove the hex.That's good news.I can't step foot outside the reef or I'll be cursed forever.That's bad news."
"Insurrection : First Arcanist Thalyssra has received dark tidings regarding the Nightfallen rebellion and requires your assistance.Journey to Shal'Aran in Suramar and meet with her."
"Nightmare : Iso'rath's brain is revealed! The shaman you've saved should keep you somewhat safe amidst his defenses.Strike at the brain and destroy Iso'rath!"
"Seek and Destroy : <The Banshee Queen's voice invades your thoughts once more.>Search the nearby farmhouses for Alliance stragglers. Keep an eye out for any information that could lead us to Crowley and Bloodfang. Seek and destroy all that would stand in your way, <name>!"
"Excelsior : With the inside finished, all that's left is to add the outer layer. For this, I use only the best elder croc skins. They are more durable and a better canvas--if you will--for adding the designs and accents that make Drizzlik's Excelsior line.It's hard to find that perfect skin though, the only one that fits my plan is the skin of an elder snapjaw crocolisk.  Find them to the south, near the border with the cape."
"Wolves at Our Heels : The dire wolves are the most common threat to the townsfolk here. They lurk in the forests on all sides of us, though most are along the north bank of the river.These aren't the runt dogs you see in Elwynn, or wherever you come from. They're big as a man and twice as vicious.If you wish to assist the people of Darkshire, hunt the dire wolves so our streets can be safer."
"The Night Watch : I'm afraid you're all I've got to help here, <name>. Stormwind's forces are so taxed by greater evils that they can't spare a single footman to protect Darkshire. It's up to me and the rest of the Night Watch to keep our homes safe.There's more threats here than just wolves, unfortunately. Rotting horrors roam near Blind Mary's Haunt, on the southeast outskirts. If they're not kept in check, they'll be visiting our homes in the night.Deal with the undead and report back to me for your bounty."
"Hook 'em High : The Wildhammer can train war gryphons faster than we can subvert and control drakes. We can't let them continue to outnumber us!Hunt gryphon riders flying over the river north of Bloodgulch. Take this hook and fling it at them as they fly by. Their momentum will hurl them from their mount, right to your feet. Kill the dismounted gryphon riders!"
"Securing the Beach Head : Something troubles me, <name>. The Twilight dragons knew just where and when to strike our airfleet. It's as if they knew our plans.Twilight spies cower within our midst!I'm going to take one of our remaining ships back to Orgrimmar to roll some heads. I need you to stay behind and secure this front. The Dragonmaw shaman are powerful; I have asked them to open up a portal to Orgrimmar, and I need you to help.So. Start helping!"
"Me Brother, Nipsy : Me brother, Nipsy, runs a rat kabob operation on the other side of Deeprun. Ye needs to take this here crate o' rats to him before they go bad. Get a move on!Ye have ridden a tram before, aye? It's easy. Just step aboard when she arrives and enjoy the ride. An' keep yer arms and legs inside durin' the ride, lest ye be peglegged fer life."
"Dangerous Intentions : Do you know why Mortuus appends 'nub' to your name, <name>? Because he is an incompetent sycophant that has trouble seeing through his oversized helmet. 'NUB' is your classification. You are now part of the NEW UNDERCITY BATALLION.But enough with the comedy! I sent Deathstalker Yorick on a shadow operation two days ago. Her goal was to get information on the Gilneas Liberation Front and return. Three days and no word from her.Head southwest to the Ivar Patch and look for Yorick, <name>."
"Devastation : The coast is clear.  If Rheastrasza or the egg were able to miraculously evade Deathwing's flames, they would probably need your assistance as soon as possible."
"Protecting Her Royal Highness Poobah : These vicious jungle cats have been circling me for some time now.  I watch them as closely as I can, but they seem to just... disappear into the grass.How they snarl and hiss!Don't get me wrong... I still want you to rescue me, but first, clear out some of these cats.  I won't need to be rescued if I end up someone's dinner."
"Bloodsail Treachery : The map shows Booty Bay with a red ""X"" drawn precisely at the spot at which you are standing.The scribbled text reads:""Set up your command post here, and bide your time.  The Fleet Master will send out word when it's time to make your move.""""I'm placing Lieutenant Bruce in charge here.  This time will be different.  This time we take Booty Bay once and for all.""The map is held in place with a dagger, placed right through the location of Booty Bay."
"Personal Request : Shame about the Doyles. It's a fair miracle that as many of us made it out as is though, so can't count it as much of a surprise.Those louts at Thundermar are cowards. Even after tellin' them it was Keegan askin', they won't set foot outside of their town. I did rope in the Moores though, so that's at least three clans' worth.Keegan wanted to hear from ya personally when you returned. Go find'm in town."
"Maywiki : <Linzi looks troubled.>You know, there's a troll hiding behind that pile of boxes.  She must be awfully sad, if she doesn't want to come out and talk to anyone.<Linzi places some of the Akiris reeds in a kerchief and ties it together.>Here, give these to her.  They're very soft, and that maybe they will make her feel a little more comfortable back there."
"Priestess Thaalia : Thank you, <name>.  I know you didn't have to save my life.The return of Bloodlord Mandokir is ill news.  He was killed inside Zul'Gurub several years ago, and we thought we had seen the last of him and his kind.  The trolls of Zul'Gurub were attempting to perform a hideous, horrible ritual.  If Mandokir is alive, then it stands to reason that he is not the only one.The explorers at Fort Livingston, far to the south, may know more.  Speak with their priestess."
"Glory Amidst Chaos : You and my son are going back to that mountain.  There's three orcs who survived the attack, and we won't rest until they're dead.That's right, I'm talking about the Big Three.General Thorg'izog crawled back into the Firegut Furnace, and Dragon-Lord Neeralak is cowering in the cave on the mountain's peak.  Xi'lun is in the back of the Skull Warren, plotting with his fellow warlocks.Leave your mark, <name>.  Topple these corrupt Blackrock orcs once and for all."
"Lifting the Curse : To break the curse, there must be a reckoning. Captain Halyndor damned us all to covet a forbidden artifact; the Eye of Paleth. His spirit still covets it, standing guard over the strongbox of his old ship, the Intrepid.Vanquish the soul of the one who cursed us so, <class>. Defeat the Captain, claim his key, and spirit the Eye of Paleth far from this place."
"A Bundle of Trouble : I've got a real problem on my hands. I have a deadline looming for an order of lumber, and I'm running out of time. The wolves and bears north of here have chased my workers away from the bundles of wood that they've already chopped.I've already talked to Deputy Rainer about clearing the animals, but I need someone to go collect the wood for me. If you could collect eight bundles of wood for me I might just make my deadline."
"Iterating Upon Success : The concoction is finally ready, but before I can put my seal of approval on this strain, we'll need to run a field test.Speak to Bat Handler Maggotbreath, here at High Command, and requisition a bat. The bat will take you to the Dawning Isles, east of here across Lordamere Lake, right into the heart of depravity itself - the Vile Fin murloc dens!Use the concoction against the murlocs and report the results back to me.Those results being that you killed them all, as commanded!"
"Catalysm : Coagulated rot is potent on its own, but we need something to activate its concealed powers... a catalyst.  You can find just such a catalyst to the south, in Lake Mereldar.If you look down, you'll notice that I slipped a set of flasks into your bags while you weren't looking.  These flasks can be used on the water elementals in the lake.  The living, corrupted water that flows through their bodies will be the perfect catalyst!"
"Through the Troll Hole : It looks like Zanzil's portal into Zul'Gurub is still open.  Zul'Gurub is a dangerous place, but Chabal entrusted this task to you.The portal lies in wait in front of you."
"I Think She's Hungry : It looks like your young raptor is hungry.  If you're looking to keep her, why don't you find something for her to eat?  The lashtail often attack the basilisks of Stranglethorn, which can be found to the east, beyond Kurzen's Compound.She probably isn't strong enough to hunt on her own yet, but I'm sure she will eat freshly killed basilisk meat."
"Heartfelt Appreciation : You located all of our documents! We can't think you enough for the help... we'd all but given up hope that the dark irons would be able to act upon all of this information soon. It's good to know that they'll be left blind in their attacks for quite a while yet.To thank you for all of your efforts on our behalf, we would like to offer you a gift. An artifact really... something we recovered from one of our digs. You have the appreciation of all of the Explorers' League."
"Madness : Our last two negotiators haven't returned from speaking with the Dragonmaw Warchief. I think we might need to flex a little bit of muscle.This time, I want YOU to accompany the negotiator. Their Warchief might think twice once he realizes the Horde is full of battle-hardened heroes like yourself.Simply escort our negotiator into the main hold in the center of Dragonmaw Port and look menacing."
"Death to Mor'ghor : The time has come. Mor'ghor dies today.Be warned, <class>. Demon blood courses through his wretched veins, and he channels unnatural power. He will be destroyed, yes. But it will not be an easy fight.You remember where Mor'ghor resides, at the top of the camp. I will meet you there. Finish him!Be sure to recruit 3 Dragonmaw followers if you are short - you will need our help."
"Darkhound Pounding : Lady Sylvanas has called upon the Royal Apothecary Society.  She has challenged us to concoct a new plague, a plague deadlier than any ailment on Azeroth. This new disease will bring our enemies - living and dead - to ruin.My studies show that the blood of beasts might prove to be the key. Here, fill these vials with darkhound blood so I can test my theory."
"The Dead Scar : The black swath of soil that cuts through Eversong Woods is a permanent reminder of the day Arthas led the Scourge into our beloved city.This blemish is more than an eyesore as even today it brings Scourge from the Ghostlands to Silvermoon.Go, <name>, and give my men a hand in killing the mindless undead that walk down the Dead Scar."
"Lost Armaments : The Wretched grow bolder every day, <name>.  They've achieved enough coordination to launch an attack on Sunsail Anchorage.As if that weren't embarrassing enough, most of our weapons were left behind when they attacked.  Bring me back our armaments so that we may show those ruffians who's boss."
"We Must Prepare! : More of our citizens go missing every day. We think the gnolls are responsible, but we have no idea where they are taking them! If you are to help us defeat the gnolls and find our people, you must be properly equipped. Unfortunately, we are all out of gnomecorders. Without a gnomecorder, there is no way for us to communicate with you when you are in the field.Our last good gnomecorder was stolen by marauding murlocs last week. You will have to go to Lake Everstill, east of here, and recover it!"
"Scholomancer : The Scholomance is one of the few Scourge holdouts remaining west of the Thondroril.  The headmaster of Scholomance, a cultist by the name of Darkmaster Gandling, has made an appearance on the battlefield.This will be his final mistake.You will find Gandling in a square near the southern end of town.  I want you to fight and weaken Gandling.  I will join you to help finish him off."
"Culinary Crunch : This is intolerable!  I have nothing to work with here! Milady asks me to come from Silvermoon City; she deserves cuisine as befits her station.  No?  But I get here and there is no food.  You must go out, <class>, and bring back fresh kills so that I have something to prepare.Dame Auriferous prefers a crunchy texture to her food.  There are plenty of spindleweb lurkers to the southwest on the other side of the Dead Scar.  Disgusting, I know, but that's what we have to work with."
"Marauders of Darrowshire : I require a rare reagent for the powerful spell I intend to cast: skulls from the scourge who took part in the battle of Darrowshire.Take this crystal and hunt scourge champions for their skulls.  The crystal is enchanted; if a champion took part in the battle, then when you pass the crystal over its skull it will resonate.  Bring me those resonating skulls.Go, <name>.  You'll find scourge champions in the Fungal Vale to the north.  Go."
"Your First Day as a Pirate : Ye may be a slayer of Fleet Masters, but rules is rules and orders is orders.  And MY orders say that all new pirates start out as swabbies.  It's the rule.You're to be working for Captain Keelhaul, the commander of the Riptide.  It's the westernmost ship in the fleet, which is parked south of the tip o' the cape.Find him in his captain's chambers, and bring yer papers."
"Open for Business : Welcome, <name>.There are a number of ways I can assist you in your efforts here.For example, I've recently discovered a recipe for a unique elixir.The bloodberry grows wild in many regions of Azeroth and has long been considered nothing more than a nuisance. I've learned though, that when exposed to the Sunwell's power this plant takes on special properties that can be distilled and imbibed to magnify one's abilites.Bring me a sample from the nearby bushes and I'll show you what I mean."
"To Stonard : Regardless of whether you assist me within the temple, your people must be told of what is brewing here.Southwest of the temple is the Horde town of Stonard. The orcs there wage war with the new human arrivals to the swamp, a raging conflict that I foresee only worsening.It is not my role to interfere in mortal affairs, <name>. I simply ask you bring warning to your people of what lurks within the temple."
"Quality Construction : Look here, chief, if it weren't for this bumbly idiot across from me, the Krazzworks would be holding up just fine.Unfortunately for everyone involved, ""Fancypants"" Rothman here decided to deploy the place on top of a mountain! I mean really, who does that?So, we got leaks all over the place due to faulty valves. Think you could take this blast tape and seal 'em up for me?"
"Seasoned Wolf Kabobs : Seasoned wolf kabobs are a house favorite!  Sure, I can make you some.  But first I'll need the supplies.Bring me five wolf skirt steaks.  The dire wolves near the river north of town are good to hunt; I wouldn't stray too far into the woods if I were you."
"The Truth of the Grave : Earlier on, I saw a young Forsaken woman running towards the old inn.  She was screaming for her life, pleading to be taken back home.Not all of us are as resolute as others, <name>.  Even so, we must accept our fate as undead if we are to rise up against those that would put us down.Take my hand mirror and show it to the young woman.  She needs to see what she really is, and join us in our cause.  Besides... we can use all the bodies that we can get."
"Wine Shop Advert : If you talk to anyone about wine, then you know we Gallinas sell the best wine in Stormwind.  And we're not far, still in the Trade District along the city's lovely canals.Here, take this pamphlet.  Bring it to my sister Suzetta at our shop for a complimentary bottle of the famous Dalaran Noir.  You won't regret it!"
"In Defense of the Redoubt : Calen sent word - the Twilight are within the redoubt!If there will ever be a time when you can earn his favor, this is it!"
"Hero's Call: Badlands! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Gek Nozzlerocket at Light's Hope Chapel in the Eastern Plaguelands.Your help is needed to survey the damage done by Deathwing, and the disposition of Horde forces in the Badlands.Gek has agreed to provide transportation to the Badlands via rocket, in exchange for your help. Look for him at Light's Hope Chapel in the Eastern Plaguelands.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Brothers In Arms : Listen, <name>.  For the first time since the civil war I agree with Greymane.  Now is the time to put aside our quarrel.It sure doesn't look like these beasts care much whether you're a rebel or a royal.Send word back to Greymane.  My men will join his.There's a safehouse not far from here, in Josiah's cellar.  My lads stashed some heavy artillery there.Tell our king that my arsenals are now at his disposal."
"Quel'Danil Lodge : I may appear far from home to you, <class>, but quite a few of my people were led here by Ambassador Rualeth. We have settled with the high elves of the Quel'Danil Lodge, to the northwest, to train in the ways of the Light and enjoy the peaceful beauty of this land.Such peace may be short lived. We have seen the Horde moving further west from here. Could you travel to Quel'Danil and give warning to Anchorite Traska? Her cabin is just north of the main lodge."
"Vyrin's Revenge : I don't suppose you'd be interested in a little payback for His Boldness? Daryl does have some skill, it pains me to say.A year ago, a large bear had been the target of the Farstrider Lodge, but none of the hunters had any luck with him. So, Daryl thought he'd try his hand against him. All he had to show for his effort was that ugly scar over his eye.Kill the bear, and I'm sure even Daryl would be speechless for once.The bear, Ol' Sooty, can be found around his lair in the cave to the north."
"The Third Fleet : I was once First Mate on the Wave Mistress, ship-of-the-line in the Kul Tiras Third Fleet.  The Doomed Fleet.  Doomed, for on its last voyage the fleet was attacked by red dragons.  Dragons controlled by orcs!We didn't stand a chance against that dragonfire...and our fleet was burned and sunk off this here coast.  I'm the sole survivor of those poor vessels......Bring me my mead, <class>. It's down in the cellar of the inn. As far away as I put it from me, I can't go without it in the end."
"You Say You Want a Revolution : If what you say is true, <name>, then we have friends within the Dragonmaw Clan. We can support an insurgency from within their ranks and avoid a lot of bloodshed on both sides.I can help, but the most dangerous part is up to you.My Axebite Warriors will launch an offensive on the shores. During the confusion, I need you to slip behind the lines and speak with your revolutionary contact, Zaela.We'll arm the Dragonmaw and overthrow their fel masters!"
"Third Sample: Implanted Eggs : Nyxondra is being held against her will.  She is hidden from her brood, right in the middle of their breeding grounds.  She lays eggs, but they will be taken away before she can see them hatch.Cruel?  Perhaps... but not nearly as cruel as the treatment that their dragonflight showed my mistress.Show me that I can trust you, <name>.  Take Nyxondra's eggs, and bring them here.  You will need to beat Nyxondra into submission before you can take them."
"It's Never Over : Those Blackrock orcs are gonna need an army to handle the Bravo Company and you, <name>. When you're ready to go, meet us at the dock facing Lake Everstill and we'll set off on my riverboat for Camp Everstill on the other side of the lake.See you there, <name>."
"Protecting Our Rear : The only reason you see me standing aside Alliance soldiers is because our duty outweighs our enmity... however slightly.  We have been charged with protecting the Dark Portal from unauthorized travel, and with the recent cataclysm, we are particularly susceptible to an attack.  We've already heard reports of black dragons in the area...With my men focused on their duty, we need someone to keep the area demons in check.  Around the portal you will find three demon lieutenants.  Slay them."
"Welcome to the Jungle : Welcome to Stranglethorn!Perhaps you're not aware of this, but that dwarf over there is the son of the one and only Hemet Nesingwary, renowned war hero of the Alliance and master big game hunter.  Like his father, he's not one for welcoming strangers into his camp, but you look like you've seen quite a bit of action in your day, <class>.Go and speak with him.  He's a chip off the old block, so perhaps he can give you some hunting pointers."
"Anomalous Anomalies : Dalaran's move to this location was intended to be a temporary measure, but we may need to depart sooner than expected.Blinking a city across the world is no mean feat. The magnitude of energies involved can lead to... unexpected side effects.Arcane anomalies are causing mischief throughout the city. Their presence could destabilize any attempt to blink again.We don't have time to let them dissipate on their own, <name>. I have a device that will help speed things along."
"A Scarlet Letter : Lieutenant Gebler:How curious that you would decide to take a prisoner... an undead one at that.  What were you thinking?  Do you think that, just because of the prisoner's former status, that she would be above the edicts of the Scarlet Crusade?This is most troubling, Gebler.  I would remind you that there are penalties for such behavior.  I command you to execute the prisoner at once.  She is no longer one of us."
"Hero's Call: Wetlands! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Mountaineer Rharen at Dun Algaz.In the wake of the cataclysm's destruction, Wetlands has become overrun with wild beasts, orcish raiders, and savage gnolls! To reach the Wetlands, you must travel north from Loch Modan through the dwarven hold of Dun Algaz.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Deeprun Rat Roundup : Avast ye scallywag. Arrrr... Arrrr ye looking fer work? We gots a serious rat problem down here an' not enough hands on the poop deck.What do ye say? All ye needs to do is take this here rat catchin' flute and play the melody around the vermin. They'll follow ye to the ends of the world!Just capture five of the little buggers and bring em back here. We needs em alive.Arrrrr..."
"Siege Tank Rescue : One by one, we're gonna have to pull our siege tanks outta the muck. Take these 'ere spare parts you've collected and give 'em to a siege tank commander who's standing on top of a gimped-up machine.Then defend the tank while engineers de-gimpify it.Go an' make me proud, <class>!"
"Free Wil'hai : Those tentacle horrors rising from the depths have trapped that poor beast. Please, <name>, can you save it by destroying those things?Will you free Wil'hai?Here, take my totem and plant it near the tentacles. The cold it emanates will cause major shrinkage on those monsters and then you'll be able to destroy them."
"Rough Roads : The Argent Crusade built these towers to be points of light in the darkness of the Plaguelands.  I walk the paths between these towers, protecting and maintaining them.The roads have been dangerous lately.  Plagued wildlife runs rampant, and bats swoop down upon unsuspecting travelers.  It would make the next leg of my journey much easier if you could clear some of this wildlife out of the way for me."
"Return to MacKinley : Here, take this pouch and give it to Sea Wolf.  And tell him I meant to pay him back!  I swear!!I just got a little drunk and lost my way, and...you know how things are.  He'll understand - you don't have to get rough!"
"Alas, Andorhal : Head south, to Chillwind Camp.  Tell Commander Ashlam Valorfist everything that happened here.Me?  I'm going west, into Tirisfal.My battle's not over yet.  I've got an appointment with that harpy that calls herself a Banshee Queen... and I'm finding out what she did to Koltira."
"Mostly Harmless : Here's another favor you can do for me, pal.We had a whole shipment of Landmines come in from Booty Bay just the other day. But someone stole the whole lot of 'em in the night!Whoever it was must be sloppy, because they dropped them all over the swamp to the east. No goblin I know would be that careless.I need you to go gather those landmines up for me. I'm sure they're perfectly safe and disarmed. Every single one. Yup."
"The Fall of Jintha'Alor : We've got more to deal with than just dwarves, mon. While I watch the village, my mate Primal Torntusk has gone to lead our warriors against the wicked Vilebranch tribe.They've killed our brothers, and I was even taken prisoner by them once. No more! This time, the city of Jintha'Alor falls to us.Go to Jintha'Alor and speak with my mate. She's captured a camp near the entrance to the city."
"Shelled Salvation : A lot of the men haven't made it to the cave yet. It's a safe bet that they're stranded at the vents on the ridge above us.We found some spiralung shells on the way here. They don't produce much air, but it was enough for us to make the cave.I need to stay here to count heads and get them back on their feet as they arrive. Do me a favor - go collect those spiralung shells, get them to any of my men that are still up on the ridge, and give them a swift kick in the arse so that they get moving."
"The Eye of Shadra : Gryphon Master Talonaxe has sent me here to deal with Shadra, the Venom Queen. The conquest of Jintha'Alor isn't enough... the trolls could regroup and summon this creature later, when we're not expecting it.We'll gather the artifacts first, pull Shadra into this world on our own terms, and put our hammers to that foul creature. I'll need you to help find the artifacts, and put a hurt on the rest of the trolls while you're at it.We first need the Eye of Shadra, guarded in Agol'watha to the north."
"Gauging Success : Vicious louts... they did a lot of damage with those spears.<The admiral winces slightly as he clutches a wound on his side.>We'll hold here as long as we can for all the men to make it. I need someone to scout their numbers to see how much damage we did.One of the biggest groups of them was around the corner on the northwest portion of this round terrace, and the other was a bit farther to the north in the small tunnel, also on this middle level of the ruins.Up for some scouting?"
"Gizmos and Gadgets : I've been coming up short on parts recently for my engineering projects, and the other day I finally saw why: the Mosshide gnolls have been making off with them!I don't have any idea what they could possibly want them for, but I need those gizmos back. They're probably strewn all over the marsh by now, but if you see any, could you gather them and bring them back?"
"Meet Two-Shoed Lou : Looks like we got ourselves a real ""whodunit"" here, rookie. Unfortunately, it looks like the locals aren't willing to talk and the clues you got off the gnolls and murlocs are damn near worthless. We're going to have to initiate plan... be on the lookout for Two-Shoed Lou.Two-Shoed Lou is an old confidential informant of mine who, ironically, makes his home at the Furlbrow's old pumpkin farm. Head west to the farm and find out what Lou knows.If he gives you any guff tell him that Horatio sent you."
"Fish Heads, Fish Heads... : Greetings, <class>.  Take a look toward the shore; what do you see?  That's right, our beach... our Tranquil Shore, has been infested with the malignancy known as the murloc.This blight will not stand!I have a task for you.  If you feel that you're up to it, I would have their heads!  Let us see if we can put a dent in their numbers so large that, if they have any sense at all, they will return to the murky depths from which they sprang!"
"Any Portal in a Storm : Our friends in the Earthen Ring have been trying to open portals back to Stormwind, with no luck. But Thordun here tells me he might just have the key.The crazed water elementals in the nearby Verrall River Delta have been sent into a frenzy. Thordun tells me we can channel their energy into a portal.I don't understand all this elemental-claptrap, but I understand one thing: killin' elementals and takin' their whirlpool cores. Deliver them to Talaa in the courtyard!"
"Darkblaze, Brood of the Worldbreaker : As Troteman cuts out, the world around you grows eerily silent. In the distance you see a full grown black dragon!"
"The Battle Must Go On : We must continue to defeat and demoralize the armies of the Legion.The emissaries of hate are Legion shocktroopers deployed to reinforce tactical Legion positions.  The enemy rallies around them for they fear them more than they fear us.Today we will change that.  Take this banner and slay the demons of the Legion.  When you meet the emissary, slay and impale him."
"Augustus' Receipt Book : I'm ready for business!  What do you want?Oh wait... I can't open up shop without my receipt book.  How am I to keep track of things without my receipt book?I must have left it in town somewhere.  I had a room in the inn... the book must be there.Bring me my book.  Please, bring it to me!  Bring me my book and you'll see!  I'll set up shop and you'll see that my prices are INSANE!"
"Introductions Are in Order : The Forsaken are right on our heels and now these ogres are trying to flank us, <name>.They're servants of the ettin Koroth -- the meanest, most destructive force in all of Gilneas.If we can bait Koroth into charging the Forsaken's forward force, we should be able to cover our retreat and buy some time.The only way this can work is if we make Koroth furious.  It won't be enough to just kill his minions.  We need to swipe his most prized possession, a tiger-skinned banner."
"The Durnholde Challenge: Infernus : According to the guide, Infernus is your next challenge. This being, made of molten lava and raging fire, can be found on the lower level of Durnholde Keep, near the eastern prisons."
"Revantusk Village : Not all forest trolls are foul nuisances like the Witherbark. North of here in the Hinterlands is Revantusk Village, home to the only forest troll tribe still allied with the Horde.Even they cannot escape the cruelty of their brethren. The Vilebranch tribe wars with them, distracting them from our battle with the Alliance.You have fought well here. Speak with Urda if you wish to fly to Revantusk. Their village will have use of your strength."
"Spelunking : Hurry, <name>!Make your way to that cavern at once.We shall go behind you to ensure that you are not followed."
"The Warden's Time : <Erunak's image penetrates your mind.>You have done well, <name>, but more remains to be done.Before moving on from this place, let us be sure that we leave it in disarray.Find the one who leads these naga and repay him for his misdeeds."
"Seize the Ambassador : The ambassador's betrayal will long haunt me. You must arrest him before he can do further harm, or worse, before he can escape and start planning the next attack. Ironforge is not safe with Ambassador Slaghammer free inside the city.Take these manacles and go to the Dark Iron embassy. It's just to the north of the High Seat, around the rim of the Great Forge. Arrest Ambassador Slaghammer and return with him."
"Gurubashi Challenge : You've returned, <race>.  That means you've felt the call of the arena once more.  Very well.Take this battle standard, <race>, and place it down on the arena floor.  Defeat the summoned combatant, then return to me.Stay on your toes, <race>.  Anything goes inside the Gurubashi Arena."
"Hammerfall : You have served us well here, <name>. Now that we've made our mark, the next phase of our conquest will occur over months rather than minutes.There is much work yet to be done, and I will spare you the tedium of waiting for our fortifications to trickle in. Travel to the east, to Hammerfall. The orcs there will no doubt have use of your aid."
"The Trek Continues : I believe the horses are ready.  Argus Highbeacon, the gentleman who works with the Argent Crusade, spoke with me earlier.  I understand he will be coming with us... that's great!  I'll make room for him.I know that you are busy, so there's no hurry.  Whenever you're ready, hop into the caravan, and we will proceed to the next tower."
"Art of Attraction : I have an idea. A brilliant idea! Those clown-looking fish have developed a symbiotic defensive relationship with the anemones. Having dismissed anemone disguise plausibilities, I've uncovered the chemical attractor that lures the fish.I have a gyrocoptic thermascrub extractor that I've brought down to take samples. Use it to extract the chemical attractor from several of the anemones, then bring the samples back to me for rapid synthesis and deployment.Go with haste! Brilliance is waiting!"
"Hostile Waters : Hexascrub came out here with a balloon of some sort that he retrieved from one of our ships. He tried to float it to the top, but those Muckskin Scroungers came out of nowhere and swarmed the thing.He's got an idea for another balloon, but we need to make sure that the past doesn't repeat itself. I need you to kill off those gill goblins. Or at the very least, enough of them to make them a bit more wary of us."
"Times are Tough : Times are tough, <brother/sister>. With the downtrodden masses of Stormwind migrating into Westfall, resources are stretched as thin as they've ever been. The people are restless and in need of help.Our own farmhouse has been serving as a halfway house for years. Salma does the best that she can to keep our guests alive, but sometimes the watchers get 'em. Watchers are those twisted abominations roaming my fields - a little present left behind by the Defias, before they were driven off. Help us!"
"Krakauer : Krakauer is up on the chopping block as we speak! The orcs brought in a Gurubashi witch doctor to perform a dark ritual on him. We need to kill that troll to free Krakauer!Let's go! He's just inside the cave here. Hang a right at the first fork."
"Rise, Godfrey : You are unwavering in your loyalty to the Forsaken, <name>. Know that what you have done for us - for the Horde - will not go unnoticed. With Lord Godfrey and his men recovered, we will have a great advantage over the Gilneas Liberation Front and the rest of the Alliance dogs.Now stand by my side as Lord Godfrey is reborn as one of us. Together we will bring him and his men into the fold."
"Gurubashi Challenge: Free-For-All Arena Combat : The arena is a place of battle unlike any other.  Inside, you have no friends.  Alliances that do form are fleeting, as your allies can turn on you in the blink of an eye.  Horde vs. Alliance, Alliance vs. Alliance, Horde vs. Horde... anything goes.Take this battle standard, <race>, and place it down on the arena floor.  Defeat the summoned combatant, then return to me.Stay on your toes, <race>.  Anything goes inside the Gurubashi Arena."
"And the Sky Streaked Red : With Deathwing otherwise occupied, we have a grim and daunting task ahead of us, under charge of the queen herself. The black dragonflight is to be wiped out.I would welcome your aid in this, if it is offered. As soon as you are ready, I will send you with the next flight joining the attack."
"A Curious Oddity : Well sweet pea, I have good news and bad news for you. The good news is that you brought me enough coins to complete this new misprint set! The bad news is that not a single one of them has matched the original partial set.See here - this coin has two heads. And the face on the reverse is grinning at me, where he was looking so dour only an hour ago. This one squints when I shine a light on it. Such a mystery! I must have more!"
"Ain't Too Proud to Beg : Now that you've brought me to safety, I'm afraid I must impose upon your kindness just a bit further.The captain of our ship, Samir, is still out there. Mack too. I'm sure they made it to the sea floor but beyond that I didn't see what became of them.I simply couldn't get by in a place like this without their help.I lost sight of them in a clump of kelp west of where you found me.Please hurry! They couldn't have gotten far..."
"Frostmane Aggression : The cataclysm has thrown the balance of power in Dun Morogh into question, <name>. Without warning, a wave of troggs emerged from the caves near Gnomeregan and overran the Frostmane trolls. The trolls have been migrating east ever since.There has always been a Frostmane presence up on Shimmer Ridge, to the northwest, but with the migration, the trolls now surround us. We can't allow the trolls to use this position to their advantage. While my men hold the line in the east, strike against Shimmer Ridge."
"Recon Essentials : We used to have more stuff around here.  I think there was a spyglass somewhere nearby, along with a smithing tuyere.I'm pretty certain that they've been stolen by Dark Iron dwarves.  Yes, I know that I'm a Dark Iron dwarf!  I'm talking about the bad ones that live down in that gorge.You'd best check the steamsmiths that work just south of here.  They'd be most likely to use tools like these."
"In Defense of Westfall : After my tour of duty was over in Grizzly Hills, I returned to Westfall, only to find the land in worse condition than when I left.The price of our war left thousands of citizens homeless. They now migrate here and squat upon the deserted farmhouses and towns of the region.To make matters worse, we are now under attack by the gnolls. The Westfall Brigade needs your help, <name>. Slay the attacking gnolls and recover their orders. Someone is pulling their strings and we need to find out whom!"
"Panther Hunting : If you want to be a part of the hunt with this crack group under Hemet Jr.'s leadership, you're going to need to prove yourself an able panther hunter.  You should start out easy: just focus on the young panthers for now.  As you improve and gain experience as a hunter, you will undoubtedly find increasingly dangerous quarry.Start by heading east.  Return to me when you are a master panther hunter."
"Night Terrors : Me friend Uchek is in de cave already. We set up three shrines inside. All you gotta do is flush out de bad juju from each one, mon.Go inside de cave here and talk to Uchek. He put you in a trance, put you in de spirit realm. Tread carefully! If you see a ghostly beast, you don't be panicking. Shine de Light of Souls on de beast for a moment or two, and de light will send 'em away for good. De light will keep you safe. Now go cleanse de three shrines!"
"Pool Pony Rescue : This jerk across from me is getting all of our people killed!Brett ""the Bummer"" unpacked the Krazzworks in the wrong place and now it's highly unstable. The explosions from the instability are throwing our laborers off of the platforms and into the water below.You don't mind flying down there and rescuing them with some pool ponies, <name>?"
"Warchief's Command: Hillsbrad Foothills! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to High Executor Darthalia at Southpoint Gate in Hillsbrad Foothills. The Forsaken war machine marches ever onward, securing Lordaeron for the Horde!To reach Southpoint Gate you must follow the road south through Silverpine Forest and take the east fork leading into Hillsbrad Foothills.Onward, <brother/sister>! Destiny calls!"
"No Trespass Forgiven : I know that you, like our revered lady, have unfortunate streaks of mercy that you succumb to at times. I would advise against such kindnesses this day. The Kvaldir are proud, and they will strike back if we do not cripple them completely. Kill all that you find.Sadly, I have the inglorious task of making sure none return to the city, so you can go have all of the fun. I will cheer you on though, of course."
"A Lumbering Relic : Margol the Rager's an old thunder lizard seen round these parts.  Legend has it that he's been here in the gorge since before it was even a gorge.  Legend also has it that he ate my brother Barnabas.I don't care how old he is or what kind of magic he shoots out of his nose.  I just want him dead.  For Barnabas' sake.You'll find him wandering the cliffs to the south of here."
""
"Move the Mountain : If the Twilight Gate is to fall, we need to get Skullcrusher the Mountain out of there!Before they left, I saw to it that your SI:7 agents took some explosives hidden in a Twilight's Hammer crate. By now, they will have planted them on the steps leading up to the upper portion of the Citadel.I want you to set the explosives off and then signal us when that monster's out of the way.That's when we'll attack and finish off the ogre compound!"
"Parker's Report : <Watch Captain Parker hands you a report.>Here it is, <name>. Take my report to Lakeshire, located north of this tower, and deliver it to Magistrate Solomon. Inform him that we need a more comprehensive solution for dealing with the gnolls. Suggest explosives. Lots of explosives.And stick to the road if you know what's good for you.What's good for you is staying alive, by the way. In case you didn't know what was good for you. You now know... Oh never mind!"
"Canyon Romp : <The gnomecorder hums.>The first order of business is a romp through the Redridge Canyons, directly north of Lakeshire. Kill every gnome that you see... woops, did I say gnome? I meant gnoll. Kill every GNOLL that you see and take their collars as proof of deed.I must warn you, <name>; while you are out there, watch out for ettins. My scouts have reported seeing huge, bloodthirsty ettins roaming the canyons lately. Stay out of their way if you want to remain alive.Solomon out. I'll be in touch."
"Wretched Ringleader : The Wretched are so oblivious, gorging on foul magic, that they haven't realized we've recovered most of our weapons.  We can't expect them to remain in their stupor, though.  Now is the time for a decisive attack.  Let us make an example of their leader, Aldaron.  He was spotted on the top floor of the building by the anchorage.  Bring me his head; I'll reward you suitably."
"Plunging Into Zul'Gurub : Zanzil the Outcast has once again escaped through one of his portals.  Follow him!"
"The Gates of Grim Batol : Kroggs started the assault to push up the canyon. He's just past the gate to our southeast.I'm going to get the squad together to join the attack. We'll meet you down there."
"Legends of the Sunken Temple : I will need you to enter the temple first, <name>. I can join you once a path is secure, but I dare not enter blindly. Turned against my kind, I would be a vicious enemy.You can start by descending the stairs behind me. Then, swim through the flooded depths of the Broken Hall. Once there, follow the passageway to the right to find the Hall of Masks.Beware of any temple guards. Once you have found the Hall of Masks, I will contact you through the Oathstone."
"Grunt Work : Bah!  You're lucky I'm short-handed today.  Otherwise I'd make you my personal whipping <boy/girl> for the week.The officers and high-ranking soldiers need their boots polished.  They've left them out in front of their huts.I want to see my reflection in those boots, grunt!  Get to work!"
"Trouble at the Sludge Fields : Warden Stillwater, over at the Sludge Fields, north of here, has sent out a distress signal. The missive wasn't clear, but from what I could make of the letter there's a riot happening at the Sludge Fields and most of the guards have been killed. The warden has warned that any would-be-heroes approach from the back entry, located on the western side of the Sludge Fields.He's also asked for discretion. He doesn't want news of this little *ahem* uprising to surface."
"Hold the Line! : Hey, you there!  Ye're a stout-looking <class>.  Lend us a hand?It looks like today's big earthquake shook a bunch o' those barbarous troggs out of the ground, and they're sure steamed about something.  My men are doing what they can to hold them off, but we could use a hand.Do yer part - head just south of here and help dig me mountaineers outta trouble.  We've got to hold the line!"
"Bones That Walk : There's even fouler undead left to deal with, <name>.Tranquil Gardens Cemetery, further south of town, is a place you don't want to be caught in at night. The bones that rise from the ground there are cunning enough to remember how to swing an axe or cast a spell.I shouldn't need to explain how dangerous that makes them. Proceed with caution, but remember the people of Darkshire that will suffer if you falter."
"Pack Your Bags : The weight limit on my gyro is such that I only have enough room for one <race>.  Looks like you're in luck, <name>!That dwarf woman Jona told me that most of your personal belongings have been moved inside Anvilmar.  Please gather what you'll need, finish up any affairs that remain, and return to me when you're prepared for takeoff."
"Making Contact : You aren't one of the zombies...A troll?  I did see one, just before the outbreak...  He warned us, told us to be on our guard... But it was too late.Your troll friend headed to Booty Bay to warn them..."
"Reoccupation : There's no shortage of Kvaldir to slaughter. They're obviously still reeling from our assault.  The city has been desolate so long, I doubt they expected any naga to contest them here.There have been no reports yet of their leader. I'm sure that culling them further will force the coward to rear his head soon enough.Shall we continue?"
"Stolen Property : Our revered lady has sent me to aid you in your task. She wants you to retrieve the stolen Crucible of Nazsharin and bring it back here as soon as you can.She grows impatient to start the ritual of summoning so that we might fully begin our preparations for war."
"Help from Steelgrill's Depot : With your help, we've managed to push toward Frostmane Retreat. Our forces will soon be in position to dwindle down the Frostmane trolls' reserves, leaving their village open to attack.That's where the Gnomeregan covert ops team comes in. Their technicians have figured out a way to deploy operatives behind enemy lines without alerting the Frostmanes to our presence. Head to Steelgrill's Depot, just northeast of town, and speak with Delber Cranktoggle. He'll tell you more about it."
"WANTED: Redridge Gnolls : By order of the Stormwind Royal Guard, all gnolls of the region known as Three Corners in the southwestern corner of Redridge Mountains, are wanted dead.Should you dispatch of the gnolls of the region, report your victory to Watch Captain Parker at Tower Watch."
"An Unwelcome Guest : Once again my garden was trampled and pillaged.  And I know the brute who is doing it.  It's that forsaken boar, the one Marshal Marris has taken to calling Bellygrub.I won't be able to re-plant the daffodils until next season now.  Ruined!  All ruined by that one menacing boar.  Put an end to that pest!  Show me his tusk and I'd be happy to reward you.  He seems to spend his time foraging in the field southwest of Lakeshire but occasionally he roams over here and into my garden."
"Environmental Awareness : Have you ever smelled submarine fuel, <name>?  It's nasty stuff.  Unfortunately, we need to burn huge amounts of it to get the Verne to move, and it's both bad-smelling AND deadly to the local wildlife.  We need to be more environmentally conscious.The sea creatures nearby have particularly oily flesh.  Take this device up to Seabrush - just above this cave - and use it on the corpses of terrapins, remoras, and hammerhead sharks.  Their oil might save the lives of hundreds of other sea creatures."
"Blood on the Sand : And with that, our mission is done.  Let's verify that Guzbert and Kelsey return safely from their demo sites, and then we can head back to friendlier shores."
"Windrunner Village : <name>, the final battle against the Ghostlands villages is upon you. Windrunner Village to the southwest has been overrun by a large force of the more powerful Scourge shocktroopers; shades and gargoyles. You will be the spearpoint of our offensive by thinning out their numbers.The magisters at the nearby Sanctum of the Sun have made a special request this time; they want the remains from these Scourge to study in hopes of finding creative ways of fighting them.Good hunting!"
"False Idols : Neptulon the Tidehunter is our god.  He was the god of the Bloodwash, too, but they have turned their back on him, it seems.  They now choose to worship only Azshara, their naga queen.  You will see likenesses of Azshara littered around their settlements, carved out of seastone.<The murloc spirit eyes your weapon.>That weapon will do.  Send it through their Azsh'ir idols.  They need to be reminded that our father Neptulon is the only one who truly rules the seas."
"Captives at Deatholme : Ah, yes.  One of my finest creations.  This draught will break most forms of alchemically induced stupor.Side effects include confusion, nausea and - in rare cases - temporary blindness.  All much preferable to whatever the Scourge plans to do to those prisoners in Deatholme, if you ask me.Best of luck, brave <class>.  You are going to need it."
"Shakes O'Breen : You're all right, <name>. It's not every day you come across a so-called hero that has a clue what they're doing once they get this far from home, so I'll let you in on some more work.I've a friend by the name of Shakes O'Breen. He's the captain of a crew of pirates, the Blackwater Raiders; good men, respectable as pirates go. They dock at Faldir's Cove, hidden along the southern shore.I'm sure O'Breen will have lucrative jobs for you if you're interested."
"A Boyhood Dream : I've always wanted to join the Crusade.  It's the reason I became a paladin.  Years of practice, honing my craft... I'm finally ready.Tarenar thinks he's ready, too, but I'm not sure.  He's a bit of a showboat, and he never took his lessons seriously.  Still, we promised we'd do this together, and here we are.Shall we head into the chapel now?"
"Drinks on the Rocks : What's up, ""bro""! We were just in the middle of our completely spontaneous beach party when something terrible happened, ""dude""!I had a whole case of Silversnap Ice, the Baron's own drink of choice, until the silt crawlers stole them! I've never seen crawlers drink, but they took them right into the water and down the beach! We need some sort of awesome hero who can help retrieve our specifically-branded favorite beverage!<Brono stares at you a moment.>That means you, ""brah""!"
"Grandma's Cat : Right!  About the evacuation, dear.I just cannot leave without my cat.  He's an adorable orange tabby.Chance's favorite spot to play is a broken down cart near an arbor northeast of here.Bring him here and we'll be on our way."
"Blessing of the Green Dragonflight : You have done well, <name>. Jammal'an may have escaped our grasp, but his retreat paves the way for me to enter the temple as I desire.Stay where you are and do not move. I will hasten your return by pulling your spirit to me through the Emerald Dream.This may cause slight drowsiness."
"Betrayal at Tempest's Reach : King Greymane has been taken prisoner by Lord Godfrey in Tempest's Reach!He managed to convince two of the eastern lords to go with his plan.  The fool seems to think he can strike a deal with the Forsaken by turning Greymane over to them.Listen carefully, <name>.  We need to resolve this with as little bloodshed as possible.This potion will allow you to sneak in undetected.  We need you to assassinate the traitorous lords before this gets out of hand!"
"Bad Supplies : Some of da survivors mentioned food, <name>.  We better check da food supplies.  I gotta a bad feelin' about dis."
"Mystery Notebook : This book has seen better days. Not much can be made out between the waterlogging and the apparent animal bites, but a few poor attempts at poetry center around the ""radiant glow"" of the Undercity and someone named Estelle Gendry."
"Resupplying the Excavation : Ironband has an excavation to the southeast and he's been needing a hefty amount of explosives sent from the league for all the carving. Huldar, Miran, and Saean just departed with the most recent load and could probably use a hand.They can't have made it very far, strong as they are. They can only move so fast laden down with those barrels.They're taking the normal route to the site, leaving south out of town and following the curve of the Loch. Go catch up with them and help'm out, will ya?"
"Razorbeak Friends : Our clan reveres the gryphon as a sacred animal. They're majestic creatures of the skies, and more than just beasts; they're intelligent and cunning.Some say we keep them, but it's more of a friendship. If you want to befriend the Wildhammer here, first befriend our gryphons! Take this bag o' chow, it's nice and fresh. Our trained razorbeak gryphons wander the forests to the south of the aviary. Go on and feed a few of 'em for me, aye?"
"Can't Start a Fire Without a Spark : Mack's still out of it, and I fear we may lose him if I can't get this fire started. With the wood being soaked, we'll need something special to get it going.There's an abandoned camp nearby with a barrel of explosives in it. There's no way I can recover it on my own.Would you mind hauling it back for us? For Mack?"
"Kill 'em With Sleep Deprivation : It's a little known fact that dwarves, particularly of the Dark Iron variety, need rest! Lots of rest!Now I ask you; How can they sleep without pillows?  Exactly, <name>, they can't.  This is why you must steal their pillows.Once you've finished your cushion-thievery, talk with Taskmaster Scrange.  He's a bit deeper in the cave, working on a covert project with Hansel."
"Gnoll Escape : I know we were just attacking the gnolls ourselves, but I'm not about to let the Dark Iron capture them as slaves. For one, we found the thieves and took back what was missing, so justice is served; for another, whatever work the Dark Iron will be putting them to isn't something I want to allow.Either way, the gnolls need to be freed. The trappers should have keys on them, so use those to open the cages."
"Young Twilight Scale : <A partially-grown scale from a young twilight whelp.  More and more twilight dragons are appearing once again. This seems suspicious.  You should show the scale to Eryna above Grim Batol in the Wetlands, perhaps she has seen something recently.>"
"Fairbreeze Village : I have another task for you, <name>.  Ranger Degolien was sent to Fairbreeze Village to find out more about a Wretched attack on a nearby shipyard.  He has requested reinforcements which we cannot yet provide.  Seek him out and grant him whatever aid you can.Fairbreeze Village can be reached by following the road out of Falconwing Square all the way towards the south.  Good luck, <name>."
"Nethergarde Reigns : Lungertz is a strong leader, but he is proud.  He understates the pressure that the Horde is really putting on us.  Without our mine... Nethergarde is penniless.We need to move the Horde forces from the supply camp NOW, and doing so means killing their commander, Captain Metlek.  He's not a strong leader, and prefers to bark orders from the back lines, but even so, his death might buy us the victory we need."
"A Gift For Fiona : My traveling companion, Fiona, runs a small vendor's shop out of her caravan.  She and I, along with our friend Gidwin, are all on our way to Light's Hope Chapel.  I'm sure you can join us, if you like... though Fiona might be a little mad at me.Fiona always forgets why she's mad if you give her a gift.  Kill some of the plaguehounds north of here, then bring their blood to Fiona at the caravan, down by the river.  She'll love it.  We'll talk again there."
"Mr. Goldmine's Wild Ride : Okay, <name>, we need to get to the earth portal at the back of the cave.I've ""procured"" a ride for us. Why walk when we can ride in style? I hope you don't mind mine carts.Let me know when you're ready."
"War on Deatholme : If you seek to aid our cause there is no better place to start than here and no better time to do it than now.By rebuilding the Sanctum of the Sun we've raised a banner of defiance in front of our enemy's seat of power: Deatholme.Go forth and fight the hordes of undead that inhabit the vile Scourge fortress."
"Recipe for Disaster : Did you see that explosion I made?  I must have flown 10 inches off the ground!I've just got to get Zanzil's recipe so I can find out why it did that.  One of Zanzil's flunkies at the Ruins of Aboraz must have it on him.  Head east, to the coast of the Cape, and snatch it for me!"
"Bad Medicine : I have a feeling that Kurzen's Medicine Men are distributing more than just medicine.  Kurzen needs some way to quelch insubordination, and an elixir under the guise of ""medicine"" would be the perfect way to do that.We need those remedies for research.  Search the Kurzen Compound to the southeast - his medicine men and jungle fighters should carry the remedies on their bodies."
"Domination : <Melisara's thoughts intermingle with your thoughts.>The last task will be an assault against the siege technicians of Gavin's Naze, located west of the Headland. Venture to the final finger and lay waste to the dwarf and gnome engineers that build and fortify the Stormpike machines of war. Be sure to plant Cromush's final pocket-nuke as well."
"Evacuate the Merchant Square : The civilians aren't safe here anymore.  Not even inside their homes.We're doing our best to stop the worgen from getting indoors, but their numbers are too great.Help us by evacuating the civilian homes.  My father's army in the prison district will be able to better protect them."
"The Rebel Lord's Arsenal : The arsenal Crowley speaks of is in the cellar of a building just west of here.It is unnerving that artillery was smuggled inside the city by my enemies, yet it might end up saving Gilnean lives today.Find Josiah Avery and requisition the rebel artillery.  We will put the weapons to good use."
"A Tiny, Clever Commander : We've dealt with kobolds in these lands for years. Not much other than a nuisance. But they've been getting craftier at their stealing.I think one of them's ended up smarter than usual. Won't be that way for long, though!I want you to go to the camp south of here and make sure there's not a ""big shot"" kobold stirrin' up the other ones. Make sure to check the cave; it's a likely spot.And don't be shy about clearing out the other kobolds along the way."
"Demanding Answers : So just how did all those Dark Iron warriors end up here, on the doorstep of Ironforge, on the verge of invading our city?Does not 'Empress' Moira, a member of our esteemed Council of Three Hammers, rule the Dark Iron? This cannot have happened without her knowledge and consent. This was no ragtag band of rebel dwarves, but a well-organized and fully equipped invasion force.I have prepared a report on the battle for the airfield. Take it to Ironforge, to the High Seat and confront her!"
"Into the Dragon's Mouth : <Dr. Blam stares at the egg in awed silence, blinks a few times, then looks up at you.>D... did you see that?  Incredible!  My titan thing idea worked!  With your help, of course.We'll want to get this back to Rhea.  She's not at Lethlor Ravine anymore; it sounds like she blew her cover pretty well when she transformed into her true form in front of all those whelps.  She's now in the west, staying at an Alliance camp called Dragon's Mouth.She'll be waiting for you.  And for that egg."
"It's Only Poisonous if You Ingest It : Take this cage, <class>. I've placed inside it one of my own mutant bush chickens, with a few slight modifications. Within the butt of this bush chicken is a stick of dynamite laced with gunk from the diseased organs you brought me.Take the cage out into the surrounding forest and locate the wandering forest ettin. Release the chicken and sit back as my masterwork does its job. The ensuing explosion should be sufficient to kill the ettin or greatly weaken it, allowing you to finish it off."
"Mission Complete : We be done here, mon.  Only thing left to do is send a report to Okrilla.  You doin' anything right now?"
"A Bloodmage's Gotta Eat Too : Contrary to popular belief, blood elf bloodmages do NOT drink blood.  We eat normal food like everybody else - something which can be hard to come by in the recesses of an ogre stronghold.The ashmane boars in the central valley of the Blasted Lands are, if nothing else, convenient for eating, as their meat does not require any cooking.  Would you hunt these boars and help us replenish our foodstores?"
""
"A Strange Historian : That sword belonged to Joseph Redpath, Pamela's father - though you probably already knew that.  I wish Joseph could again be with his daughter, but it cannot be so.  His soul was twisted by the Scourge, and he became a monster.Pamela's fate is sealed, but perhaps we can change Joseph's fate.A strange gnome arrived here at this tower not long ago.  Her name is Chromie.  Take that sword to her.  I have a feeling she will be able to help us."
"An Opportune Alliance : With your contributions to the food stores, my current assignment is complete.I will be heading north, to the Plaguewood, next.  I understand you may be headed in the same direction.Do you mind if I join you on the road?I will head northwest, to Eastwall Tower.  If you're interested in teaming up, you can meet up with me there."
"Prove Yer Allegiance : Yer welcome to stay in Chiselgrip for a time, but I need to know that yer a friend.  So I've got a task for ye.We of the Thorium Brotherhood're not the only dark irons here in the steppes.  Far from it.  We're pretty badly outnumbered by the dark irons of Blackrock Mountain.  We've got a safe enough foothold here in Chiselgrip, but even so, they still pester us from as close as the Ruins of Thaurissan, to the north.Prove yerself, <race>.  Kill 'em for me."
"Peeking into the Portal : I sent Scout Pazaztick to be gettin' a better look at da portal. He shoulda reported back by dis time; what be taking him so long?Dis is what happens when you hire da goblins as help."
"Kill Gil : Gilblins!<Larry stares at you silently for a while.>You never seen a gilblin before? They're crazy! Crazier than me! I just blow stuff up for a living, these guys are WHACKED!Dunno where they came from, but they're like awful fish goblins! Gills and everything! They wiped out all my men down at the beach, and they took our shipping freighter!You gotta help! They're just down to the east, go on and get rid of those gilblins!"
"Chiselgrip, the Heart of the Steppes : We're headed to Chiselgrip, right in the center of these steppes.  We'll rendezvous with the Thorium Brotherhood there, as well as with my father.Are you familiar with the Brotherhood?  Those dark iron dwarves have helped me out more than once.  We may need their help again.We'll pass through Black Tooth Hovel on our way there.  What do you say we kill a few of the Blackrock while we travel?  I'm getting a little restless here in this camp."
"Assault on Dreadmaul Rock : This is it, <name>.  A sad day... but a day in which the Blackrock orcs will learn a powerful lesson.  Today, our plan comes to fruition.Come with me.  We're going to go talk to Acride and call in that favor that he owes us.  Then we'll stop this invasion of Redridge before it even starts."
"Supplies from Darkshire : Oh, what is a poor old man to do?  I need some supplies from Darkshire, but the village is so far away and I am so old and feeble...I would never make the trip.Can you go to Darkshire and bring me back some ghost hair thread?  You can get it from Madame Eva at her home on the Darkshire square."
"Built to Last : My lady, I have a request from the High Priestess that I am to pass along to you. Many of the city's defenses remain from long before it sunk beneath the waves, and some of them are but a trivial task to reactivate, were it not for the countless Kvaldir that stand in our way.We are told you are to be fighting on Nar'shola Terrace above us. You would do my lady a great service if you would but touch some of the devices as you pass. Your noble blood should prove more than sufficient to reactivate them."
"Sedimentary, My Dear : The destruction of the Stonewrought Dam was no small thing, <lad/lass>. We're here to find out just how bad the damage is. A mighty load of water's rampaged through here, and if it's disturbed the earth too far, we could be in for worse later on.We can tell a lot from studying the sediment of the flooded area. I need as many soil samples as I can get, so if you could head out there and collect some more, I'd much appreciate it."
"Curse These Fat Fingers : Unfortunately, I can't dish out the beats like I used to, due to this here fat finger problem.  Ye see, the climate out here combined with the lack o' air pressure makes me fingers expand.  They're like gigantic Thelsamar Blood Sausages, they are...Ye're gonna have to carry out me orders of business and what have ye.First on me agenda: Poundin' the livin' daylights out o' the heavy war golems o' the Gorge.  Get crackin'."
"The Coastal Menace : When my life was ended upon the rocks, I had no clue what the afterlife held for me.  The Lighthouse was black that night because Old Murk-Eye had scared the keeper's family off.  They returned and re-lit the flame but Old Murk-Eye coerced the weaker minded murlocs to raid the Lighthouse with him once again.  The second time the family was not so lucky and before my eyes they perished helplessly.Slay Old Murk-Eye if you see him along the shore and bring me one of his scales and I shall reward you."
"Warchief's Command: Silverpine Forest! : All able-bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Grand Executor Mortuus at Forsaken High Command in Silverpine Forest.Now, more than ever, your help is needed in routing the enemy infestation of the region and conquering the port of Gilneas!To reach Forsaken High Command you must travel south through Tirisfal Glades and enter Silverpine Forest. From there, follow the road south until you reach Forsaken High Command. Destiny calls!"
"Tarenar Sunstrike : As soon as we stopped, they made a bet about ""who could kill the most undead in five minutes.""It's been an hour, and I'm still waiting for them to come back.I saw Tarenar run off to the southeast.  Unfortunately, I can't leave the caravan here by itself.  If you end up traveling in that direction, could you find him and send him back to me?"
"The Wrathcaster : One of the more vile members of the Scarlet Crusade, Mataus the Wrathcaster, lurks within the barracks' dungeon.  Undeath suits his dark manner.Were I younger and on the front lines, I'd run him through myself.  As things are, I'm left behind to lead our forces from the rear.  So I leave the pleasure to you."
"The Universal Key : We're going to need something even stronger than those beefy <race> hands of yours to open this.  And the Venture Company schlubs to the northwest might have just the thing.Last time I was over there, I saw shredders walking around with giant rotating blades on their hands.  That's one way to open a box!If you can't find any shredders, you might also try the giant sawblade in their lumber mill, by the lake."
"Last Stand : We've got a good chokepoint here, <name>.  Feel free to say a prayer if that's your sort of thing.Take courage and let's kill these mutts."
"Decontamination : You've been down here in Gnomeregan for a long time, <name>, and it's amazing that you've survived and kept your wits so long! We need to get you out.Before we can send you to the surface to join the rest of the gnomes, you have to go through the decontamination process. Just head into the next room and board the Sanitron 500. It will do the rest! It shouldn't even hurt... much.When you're all done, check in with Technician Braggle and he'll make sure you get some suitable gear."
"Dark Iron Scheming : A cadre of Dark Iron spies have taken over Ironband's Compound to the south, beyond Helm's Bed Lake. The mountaineers are normally able to keep them from getting into Dun Morogh, but everything is in disarray right now.The Dark Iron dwarves would be fools if they didn't take advantage of the chaos. We have to find out what they're planning and stop them before they do any damage.Will you see if you can discover what they're doing down at Ironband's Compound?"
"Westfall Stew : Hello, dear. Welcome to our home. Hmm, you don't look like you're homeless. Have you come to help us? If so, you're just in time! I'm planning dinner for the young ones and need a few simple ingredients.If you could get me some okra, goretusk flanks and stringy fleshripper meat I can make my famous Westfall stew! You'll find all of the ingredients near our farm. Just be careful of the harvest watchers. They are merciless killers."
"Rheastrasza's Gift : Wait here.  I will retrieve the egg."
"Agony Abounds : You have no doubt heard about the incident that transpired at the Wrath Gate in Northrend, yes? Due to those unfortunate events we are strictly forbidden from using the strain of life-shattering blight that we finally perfected. Now we have rules and regulations and other nonsense!They've given us some neutered version of the perfected blight and expect us to weaponize it.If I'm to get this crap functional I'll need several bags full of ferocious doomweed. You'll find it all over Silverpine."
"Transdimensional Warfare: Chapter I : <Sylvanas hands you the signet ring.>Take the ring and make your way to Beren's Peril, southeast of here, located in a cave in the hills. Once there, search the cave for the portal to the pocket dimension that conceals the Ambermill magi.I will communicate with you through your thoughts, <name>. Once you have reached the portal I will give you your marching orders."
"Doing It Like a Dunwald : They already left to hunt down the ettin that lead the attack on Dunwald. I asked them to at least give ya a chance to catch up, but I'm not sure waitin's in their blood.They made off towards the town square, in the center of the ruins. You should go join'm before ya miss out on all the fun."
"Spirit of the Loch : I have no knowledge of any artifact that Cho'gall is crafting, but I think I know one that can help.Countess Verrall is the ancient spirit of Loch Verrall to the north. She has no love for the Twilight's Hammer, who have polluted her waters.Seek her for the wisdom that you seek."
"Go Fletch! : We must always be prepared for battle, <name>.  Whether that battle is against the Forsaken in Andorhal, against the Scourge in the east, or against some yet-unknown foe is unknown.  What is known, is that we must be ready.We are low on arrows.  I can obtain the shafts and heads, but I still need feathers.  The birds that circle to the northwest typically molt this time of year.  Would you mind traveling out into the field and gathering some of these feathers for our camp?"
"Boys Will Be Boys : As soon as we arrived here at Light's Shield Tower, those two lunkhead paladins ran off to Light's Hope Chapel.  It's still a ways away, but if we're going to follow Argus along his tour of the towers, this is about as close as we're going to get.Check in on them and make sure they're alright?  I know they can handle themselves, but still, it'd make me feel better to know that you were watching over them while I'm stuck here with the caravan."
"Hero of the Sin'dorei : This is the beginning of a new chapter in the history of our race, <name>.  Our lands will be reclaimed and we shall cement our bond with Sylvanas and her allies.Take the traitor's head to Regent Lord Lor'themar Theron in Silvermoon City.  He'll be eager to hear the news."
"A Fate Worse Than Butchery : The people of Terrordale, they were sick, then they turned bad.  Definitely not good times.The pigs, though... they also got sick!  What did pigs do to deserve to get sick?  Hah hah hah!  Nothing!People I can forget about, but the bad pigs still make me sad.  If you kill them, though... I might get happy."
"Morgan's Vigil : Our work here in Chiselgrip is done, mostly thanks to you.  We'll now be moving on to the east, to Morgan's Vigil.Our intel indicates that Morgan's Vigil has been vacated, as most of its inhabitants have moved into Blackrock Mountain to fight their own battle against the Blackrocks.  It should serve as a sufficient base of operations for the final stages of our plan.Of course, Keeshan will be joining you on the road.  As will I."
"Water Elementals : I arrived in Stranglethorn to study a feature known as the Altar of Naias, but made the unfortunate choice of denying Colonel Kurzen's advances, which earned me several years in that cage.  Now that I'm out, I figure I might as well continue with my original studies.The altar is on an island to the west, south of Zul'Kunda.  Gather some of the bracers from the island's water elementals.Oh, and you can use this device when you're finished.  No need to make you walk all the way back here."
"Stopping Kurzen's Legacy : Now that our allies have been evacuated, it's time to run a final raid on Kurzen's Compound.  They will never be weaker than they are right now, and with your help, we may be able to weaken them beyond repair.Those four names that were listed in the Officers' Dossier - Anders, Gaulus, Miranda, and Esquivel - will be the highest-ranking personnel remaining.  Look for them in that cave in the back of their compound.  Removing all four will be devastating to Kurzen's forces.Go with honor, <name>."
"Bloodscalp Insight : I never got to properly thank you for saving me.Thank you, <name>.I'm still a little fatigued from my captivity, so I thought you might help me with my studies.  As a shaman of the Wildhammer clan, I'm very interested in the shamanic practices of the Bloodscalp tribe.Their magic seems to have diverged in an interesting direction.  If I had one of the totems that their shaman use, I could begin my studies.  You'll find them at the Bal'lal ruins, on the coast to the southwest."
"Hero's Call: Duskwood! : <name>, the citizens of Duskwood are in dire need of your assistance! I have here a letter from Commander Althea Ebonlocke, leader of the Night Watch, pleading for help.To reach Darkshire you should travel across the bridge located in the southwest corner of Redridge. Once you cross the bridge you will be in Duskwood. Then you just follow the road to Darkshire. Beware of the savage beasts that stalk the countryside!"
"Skulk Rock Clean-Up : Years ago, there used to be a Horde base deep within Skulk Rock. It's been abandoned since then, but it's still prime territory, worth takin' for our allies!Problem is, it's full of dwarf-eating slimes and oozes. Those things are slightly less disgustin' than trolls, but they'll still give us a hassle.With our boys tied up fightin' the Revantusk, I need you to go to Skulk Rock and clear the place out for me."
"The Shell of Shadra : The final piece is all we need to burn Shadra out for good.The Shell of Shadra is held by the spider god's last living high priestess, Qiaga the Keeper. She stands atop the Altar of Zul, guarded by other fanatical zealots.You've got to climb that altar to the top and take her out! She'll have the Shell in her possession. Bring it back here."
"Buy Us Some Time : So many good men have been lost today. Without you, that number would be even higher.You have our gratitude.If what the shaman says is true, then there is no time to spare. The naga are scouring these waters looking for survivors.We are not yet ready to fight. You must buy us time to make preparations. Find the naga that hunt us and delay their efforts."
"Pay It Forward : You are now able to move about this realm more freely and without fear of drowning.This is where our work begins.First, you have many allies nearby who are drowning as we speak. As I saved you, you must save them.I have enchanted the shell you brought me. Use it to rescue your friends.Hurry now!"
"Girding Our Loins : As we struggled not to drown, my orcs and I were forced to abandon our weapons and much of our armor.Erunak says to expect a major attack from the naga soon and I believe him.If we're going to be victorious, we'll need your help to recover our lost equipment.You should find it scattered around the sea floor near our shipwrecks here and to the north.Make haste, <race>. The enemy could arrive at any moment."
"Warm Welcome : I'm glad you're back! Saving the world or something, I'm sure.I was dispatched to establish relations with the red dragons in the area, but I'm finding this bunch somewhat less accommodating than the ones at Wyrmrest were. I have, however, been told that you are the type that solves problems.A problem solver as it were.Care to take a crack at earning a bit of trust with Lirastrasza at Vermillion Redoubt to the southwest? Anything that might soften her up a bit for me would be lovely."
"Defending Fairbreeze Village : We've experienced a marked increase in Scourge attacks, <name>.  Our defenses are barely holding and there's no sign of reinforcements from Silvermoon City.  Lend us a hand in defending the village by thinning the numbers of the undead roaming the Dead Scar nearby."
"Distract Them for Me : There are three candidates for Ascendancy that we need to eliminate: Dame Alys Finnsson, Master Klem, and Mia the Rose.I'd like for you to serve as my distraction. When the time is right, I'll step in and finish them off from behind.Whatever you do, <name>, do not underestimate them. Each got to where they are by being ruthless and very good at what they do."
"The Bane of Many A Pirate : Gum disease.  It's a real problem, <race>.I know you're new and all, and probably haven't ever needed your gums cut, but the rest of us pirates have to deal with a little thing called SCURVY.  It's why we keep so many limes around here.Well... we used to keep limes around here.  Someone made off with our last shipment, but they can't have gone far - maybe to the nearby islands?  Bring them back, and maybe I'll see what I can do to get you promoted from swabbie."
"Strategic Cuts : <Static> <name>... <name>, can you hear me?  It's Troteman.Listen, we've just received the final bit of intel for your next mission.  There are three marks that we'd like you to take down.  The first is Voodooist Timan, whom you'll find atop the Pillar of Ash.  Worgmistress Othana is in the central worg pens.  Finally, Gorlop is near the lava pools to the south.You will find the scorpid barbs you harvested packed along with your belongings.  Use the barbs on the marks when the time is right."
"How to Maim Your Dragon : <You sling the gore-spattered gryphon corpse over your shoulder, its wings dragging to the ground.><Highland Black Drakes roost just southwest of the Crucible of Carnage, along a ring of low mountain peaks.><If you drop the gryphon corpse there, a drake is sure to start feeding. With its guard down, you should be able to attack it until it is weak enough to mount and fly.>"
"The Assassin : <name>, we recently uncovered a plot to assassinate our envoy to Falcon Watch.  Hellfire Citadel learned of our plans to send an expedition there earlier this morning and set up an ambush.Our scouts have informed me that an assassin known as Krun Spinebreaker waits along the road north of the Citadel.  Go there and slay this assassin.  Show the fel orcs we're not to be trifled with!"
"No One Here Gets Out Alive : This farm is under lockdown! Nothing gets in and nothing gets out! We're still assessing the situation to try and figure out exactly what happened, but my theory is that the laborers ate the mushrooms and somehow mutated into hideous undead monsters. I mean, how else could this have happened? This is just a farm! We grow mushrooms here! And sludge! Yes, sludge!Take a look around, <class>, because now that you're here you can't leave until this issue is resolved.See for yourself!"
"To the Digsite : The other Darkspear emissary was here briefly.  He was eager to get to the next location and warn them.   I sent him on a flight to the Explorers' League Digsite in the Cape of Stranglethorn.  I hope he wasn't too late.I will give you use of one of my gryphons, a direct flight there.Talk to me when you are ready to go, <name>."
"Fresh out of the Grave : <name>!Rise, <name>!Welcome back to the realm of the living.  With the blessing and power of the Dark Lady, I have freed you from death's grip.You are no slave, <name>.  You are free to follow whatever path you choose from here.  If you choose to serve the Dark Lady Sylvanas, I recommend you speak with Undertaker Mordo.  You will find him behind me, in the graveyard."
"Strike the Earth! : In case you didn't notice, the land here in the Wetlands is pretty messed up. Floods, earthquakes... and on top of it all, even the ground's got a wild hair now.I never thought we'd be attacked by our own dig site, but sure enough, big chunks of it are now rampaging around trying to flatten any dwarf they see.You look like a strong, strapping young <race>... mind going down there and slapping some sense into the clods?"
"We Are Not Alone : <Duarn closes his eyes, pauses, and nods.>Nespirah has just informed me that we are not the only people fighting inside of this shell.  A small group of Horde slaves has escaped and is currently fighting off the naga on the other side of the shell, up on the ledge that overlooks Nespirah's heart.Go find them, <name>, and see what help they can lend us.  With their aid, we may be able to rouse Nespirah from her torpor.I will remain here, should you need anything."
"Bounty on Murlocs : The Stormwind Army has placed a bounty on murloc lurkers and foragers in Elwynn.  Slaughter them and bring Guard Thomas their torn murloc fins, and the Stormwind Army will reward you well.The murlocs have built a village at Stone Cairn Lake north of here, and another to the south where the stream forks."
"The Ring of Mmmrrrggglll : The Grimscale murlocs have not been scared off by your efforts. But, I think I know what will send them packing, as well as get me some personal retribution.They have a murloc chieftain that calls itself Mmmrrrggglll. It wanders the Golden Strand south of the river inlet. The beast once slew a compatriot of mine, and now wears his ring in open defiance and mockery.Slay Mmmrrrggglll, and bring back my friend's ring. Then we shall see these monsters cowed!"
"Scalding Shrooms : We think that we have a use for the merciless ones that your friend from the cave delivered to us. But I need a preservative for it.Down below in the Scalding Chasm are some mushrooms with the properties that I need. Bring some back up to me and I'll see what I can do."
"Bird Down! Bird Down! : While you were fighting along the coast, I spotted a gryphon tumble out of the clouds almost due west of here.It wasn't one of ours.Likely it belonged to one of the Wildhammer. I know that Kurdran wanted to establish contact with the lost Wildhammer clans as one of his primary objectives after taking the beach. I can't spare any more of my men to scout it out, but I can spare you. Find that downed Wildhammer!"
"He Who Controls the Ettins : You've stumbled upon a gnoll document. The gnoll that wrote this propaganda is semi-literate:BROTHERS OF YOWLER, HEAR DIRTPAW! DIRTPAW GIVEN ORB FROM ORCS! DIRTPAW CONTROL ETTIN THINGS! DIRTPAW CRUSH HUMIES! COME GET DIRTPAW PAW-O-GRAPH IN RETHBAN CAVE. CAVE IS WEST, HIDDEN IN CANYON!<There's a paw print as the signature.><There also appears to be a bite taken out of the scroll.>You should probably investigate."
"What I Do Best : I remember when I was young, I would sneak off into the Ghostlands and just beat up zombies for hours on end.  Nobody even PAID me.  I just did it.Now, look in front of you.  Those are some serious zombies.  I was just about to start beating them up, too.  Care to join me?"
"Step Three: Prophet : All that yet stands between me and the temple is Prophet Jammal'an himself. He is the leader of the Atal'ai trolls here, a foul manipulator.Know that you do not face a mere crazed troll, <name>, but an instrument of forces beyond your darkest comprehension. Yet you do not fight alone; my strength and the will of the Green Dragonflight go with you.Proceed to the Den of the Caller, left through the Hall of Ritual, and then down into the Hall of Bones. At the bottom, you will find Jammal'an."
"Gasping for Breath : <name>!  I was on my way when it happened.No time to waste.  A good half of the town watch was in the area that collapsed.  Get in there and save as many as you can.Make sure to get them out of the water and onto shore.  I'll make sure they get any aid they need."
"Knee-Deep : It's time to pack it in, <name>.  Most of our people have made it through -- it's your turn now.Take this torch, you're going to need it.  The tunnel is full of nasty, knee-biting critters of the worst kind.  Use it to keep them at bay.Speak to Krennan on the other side."
"Roland's Doom : This isn't all of it...You should let it go, <name>. The only place left to look is Roland's Doom. That's the mine south of town, and the largest lair of worgen in Duskwood. Nobody in Darkshire has ever made it back from that place alive. In fact, some of the records I have here imply that's where the monsters first came from... who knows what evil's lurking in there?Please, <name>, just give it up. Let's just forget about this whole thing, and never speak of it again."
"Eastpoint Tower : Our outpost in the southeast is having some problems. I don't have any details other than... well, let me just read from the latest letter:""The orcs have grown petulant. Send help or I will have them beaten with reeds.""That's it. It was sent from our chief psylosopher, Nils Beerot. Yea, I have no idea what that means either. Could you please head to Eastpoint Tower and find out what he needs? I can't take any more of these cryptic letters!Just head south and then follow the road east."
"Grimaxe's Demise : With you leading the way, we've finally broken the momentum of the Dark Iron attack. General Grimaxe, the Dark Iron leader, is attempting to rally his troops from the center of their lines on the frozen lake to the south.He stands atop one of their new dark iron golems, shouting orders to his men. If he succeeds in rallying them, they may still be able to overpower us. You must prevent that, <name>. Destroy the golem guarding him, then kill General Grimaxe himself. He is the key to our victory."
"License to Ride : The captain said you'd be coming here to pick up your mount. I hope you didn't have any problems finding the place!  Now, before you ride off into the sunset, you'll need to learn how to... well, how to ride! Luckily, we have a riding trainer right here!  Speak with Darlene Stokx when you're ready to learn how to ride."
"Twisted Twilight Ties : Hansel and I came here on a secret mission: kill Overseer Maltorius.  While our main goal still remains the same - defeating Archduke Calcinder - it can't hurt to take out the infamous overseer of the Slag Pit while we're here.Problem is, Hansel was only prepared to fight one dwarf, but it looks like Maltorius has a visitor... an emissary from the Twilight's Hammer!Speak with Hansel and help him out.  Then proceed down this corridor and along the balcony outside to find Overseer Oilfist."
"Good Deed Left Undone : G'day, <laddie/lassie>.The name's Rendel.Seems ol' Moanah and I got here in the nick of time, eh?Erunak wasn't kiddin' when he said it was life or death!So... in our rush ta git over here, we left a little unfinished business off to the east a ways.A little lady was near death herself. We had no choice but ta leave her by a little air vent when we came here to yer rescue.How bout yeh git over and help her while there's still time?"
"Feeding the Hungry and the Hopeless : Yes, I heard about the Furlbrow murders. It is very tragic, but such tragedy is a way of life in Westfall. There are many people here who simply no longer have the means or inclination to keep themselves fed. They have given up hope. Do you understand what it means to be left so hopeless as to stop caring about life? We must work together to show them that there is hope. That with the dawning day a better life comes.Take my mother's Westfall stew and help feed the homeless around Sentinel Hill."
"Easily Swayed : The most immediate threat to Fuselight is, without argument, the colony of ogres to the northwest.Most of our ogre neighbors used to be warrior-types, but it seems that more and more of them are practicing magic.  I won't have an army of ogre-magi at my doorstep.Go take out some of those Dustbelcher ogres.  Hopefully they'll get the picture and avoid messing with the might of Fuselight."
"The Same, But Different : I'm beginning to suspect these here coins are demonic. See? This one's got three eyes! This one always comes up tails. And over here - the ones you brought me earlier? They dissolved in holy water.I need to make absolutely sure this isn't a fluke - bring me a huge pile of coins to sort through so nobody can refute m'theory."
"Warchief's Command: Badlands! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Gek Nozzlerocket at Light's Hope Chapel in the Eastern Plaguelands.The Alliance is desperate to gain a foothold in the Badlands. Your duty will be to keep them at bay and learn about the destruction wrought by Deathwing.Gek has agreed to provide transportation to the Badlands by rocket. Meet with him at Light's Hope Chapel.Destiny calls!"
"The Waters Run Red... : <The communication console hums.>Those worgen you killed were the scouting party. There are hundreds more incoming! Looks like Crowley and Bloodfang made the blood offering to every human in Lordaeron.Get in one of those Horde cannons and send them all back to their makers. Let the waters of Lordamere Lake run red with their blood!"
"Bravo Company Field Kit: Chloroform : The first part of this mission is all covert ops, <name>. To that end, we need to be able to incapacitate the enemy without making any sounds. To do that we're going to need chloroform.The muckdwellers at the bottom of Lake Everstill hold chloroform in their glands. I'm going to need you to go underwater and recover muckdweller glands. Think you can handle it?Come back to me once you've recovered enough glands.Where's the lake you ask? Open your eyes, dummy. Directly west."
"The Amulet of Allistarj : When my master helped me to take my eyes out, he gave me the gift of sight... a sight much greater than yours, or even of these blood-craving elves.  My sight allows me to see objects of demonic power, such as the Amulet of Allistarj.Allistarj himself is dead, but he locked his amulet up in a trove inside the Serpent's Coil, to the east.  Along with the other amulets, this relic will give us access to Razelikh's perch."
"Forgotten Rituals : Every year we, the denizens of Suncrown Village, would take part in a ritual to keep the different aspects of nature under our control.  Dominion over the element of water was symbolized by the summoning and enslavement of an elemental named Aquantion.  Through a wicked perversion of our magic, the scoundrel broke his bonds and enslaved us instead!We wore medallions shaped like waves during the ritual.  Seek them at the bottom of the lake; we'll need them to free my compatriots' spirits!"
"The Traitor's Shadow : Dar'Khan Drathir is believed to have returned from the dead to rule over the armies of the Scourge in the Ghostlands.  Dar'Khan aligned himself with the Scourge long ago... yet he was once a living, breathing elf.  Much of his time was spent inside Dawnstar Spire, northeast of here.  He hid there for many nights, scheming against his own. Search the tower for more information, <name>.  Perhaps he had a journal or kept notes.  One never knows where useful information might present itself."
"Beat it Out of Them : We paladins are normally taught to exercise judgment and control when dealing with foes, but this is an emergency, and I never paid too much attention to my trainers anyhow.I'm going to head into the Plaguewood and find out what I can about Giddy.  You deal with the Scourge just to our northeast, on the other side of this tower.  The undead don't fear death, but if you beat them enough, their tongues might slip, and we may get some clues to Gidwin's location."
"You Can Take the Murloc Out of the Ocean... : I need something to cut into the raw, elemental power of these bracers... something strong and abrasive, but still of the sea.The Murkgill murlocs have moved inland from the sea, but they still carry vials of sea salt on them.  What they use it for, I can't be sure, but it will serve for our studies.  You can find the Murkgill in the glade south of the Rebel Camp and east of Bal'lal ruins."
"Defend Grom'gol : I hope you like to fight, <name>.  Your troll friend has been through here and warned us that the Gurubashi were on the rampage.  I never thought the battle would be this glorious though.Come, join in our fight and let's show these Gurubashi trolls the might of the Horde!"
"Helm's Deep : This helm and its associated components are marked with the seal of Stormwind. It was no doubt cast off from an Alliance ship that suffered a similar fate to yours.Looking closer, this seems far too intricate and sturdy to be everyday diving equipment. Perhaps Nazgrim can make some sense of this..."
"A Breath of Fresh Air : Captain Taylor and many of the other survivors have already made their way to the surface. I'm sure some are just looking to rid themselves of this place for good, but we still have work to do if we're going to stop the naga from invading the plane of water.First, we need to set eyes on the tentacled fiend that destroyed our ships when we first arrived - we don't want a repeat of that nightmare.Hexascrub left these behind for you. They should speed your trip up a bit."
"Even Dragons Bleed : I won't be so impolite as to refuse your aid if you're offering it.We're locked in constant battle with the twilight drakes and dragons to the south. Our strikes have not been entirely without success, but the dragons coming out of Grim Batol have been breathing some kind of corruption upon us that takes time to cleanse.Velastrasza and Baleflame are attending to our injured brothers. Go and see if you can be of help to them."
"Amakkar, Jack of All Trades : Before we get too crazy with the dragon-killing, let me tell you a little bit about how I fight.I'm not terribly strong or stalwart like these other two, but I've got a few tricks.  At your command I'll stun your enemies to keep 'em held still.  I also make sure to keep a few potions around for tight spots.Why don't we practice fighting together?  Head out into the field, and you can see what it's like to fight with a real orc."
"In Search of Bravo Company : If you and Keeshan are going to defend Lakeshire, we're going to need to find his old battalion. Last I heard all of 'em - Messner, Jorgensen, Krakauer and Danforth - were captured by the Blackrock orcs. Now I don't know where they could possibly be or if they're even alive, but I'd be a damned fool if I didn't ask you to try and find 'em.Search Alther's Mill, east of here, for any clues."
"The Menders' Stead : I don't like the looks of what the Forsaken are doing here at the Bulwark.  Bombs, cauldrons, needless bloodshed... none of these embody that which the Argent Crusade stands for.  Furthermore, I don't like the fact that they employ mercenaries like yourself.Nothing against you personally, <class>.  It's just that you could be doing so much more for yourself.  If you're interested in healing the plaguelands, rather than re-plaguing them, then report to Field Agent Kaartish at the Menders' Stead to the east."
"Quae Trusts You : <Quae begins to go through the folder.>Expansion...control of territory... these undead aren't cooking up anything new, but they're planning to roll over all of Arathi. We need to disrupt their plans.I'll keep a lookout from up here. You go with Kin, and get those invasion plans. We're not going to let these walking corpses even know what day it is out here.And keep her safe, you hear me?"
"Panther Prowess : Now the hard part.  As panthers grow older, they become more wily, blending in with their environment and becoming difficult to spot.  These cunning panthers are known by the name ""shadowmaw"", for their tendency to suddenly appear out of the darkness... with a waiting mouth full of teeth.If you want to prove yourself as a true panther hunter, shadowmaws are the only way to do so.  They prowl to the southeast, across the river."
"See Raptor : We have the feathers, yes.We have the <class>, yes.Speak with Priestess when you are ready."
"Marking the Fallen : Many warriors have met death to bring us victory, <name>. The fate of a true orc.I have seen the way the Alliance loots the bodies of our fallen, clutching at our goods like packrats. They will not defile our fallen heroes on this field.Take these wards with you to the Bloodmire. Place them on the bodies of our fallen warriors. I will be watching, to see how many have fallen, and to honor their sacrifice. Let us hope the spirits give us aid for our respect."
"Krazzworks : This new shredder design is tops, <name>. Tops! Next step is to protect my intellectual property. There are patents to file, traders to mark, ceases to desist. Oh, and the bribes!Here, take this patent application to Captain Krazz at the Krazzworks. He survived the destruction of his zeppelin, so he's probably hungry for new business opportunities.The Krazzworks is due north of here, atop a perfectly safe mountain peak. Go ahead, kid. Chop chop!"
"Stormpike Apocalypse : Before we continue, let us have a moment of silence for our fallen brother, Orkus, for without him, we would have been destroyed by the Stormpike onslaught. This is for you, brother!<Cromush takes a knee.>Now, <name>, do not think that I forgot your part in all of this! That is why you get the honors of detonating the goblin pocket-nukes.Are you ready? FOR THE HORDE!"
"Lockdown in Anvilmar : We appreciate yer help out here, but there may be a place where they need ye even more.Due to the trogg attacks - not to mention that massive earthquake we just had - we're putting all civilians on lockdown inside Anvilmar, just up the hill to the northwest.Go an' talk to me wife, Jona, inside Anvilmar.  I'm certain she's in need of an able-bodied <man/lass> such as yerself."
"Something's Amiss : The lieutenant appears to have died from severe wounds.  The prince might want to hear this news.You hear the sound of fighting coming from the market."
"Soothing Spirits : This is a tragic land, with a history of violence and despair. While many of the dead roam in the flesh, some are simply lost souls, wandering in confusion.They deserve to be put at ease.Many of these souls gather at the Addle Stead to the south, appearing before travelers. Take this censer of holy incense. Sway it before the forlorn spirits, and let the offering of its gentle scent give them peace."
"Reinforcements for Loch Modan : I've been waiting for the council to hear my plea for hours, and it's not looking good. Moira's greatest desire seems to be to paralyze the council.Meanwhile, Loch Modan suffers. Our enemies are many and our resources are few. Please, <name>, perhaps you will hear me if the council will not. Speak to Gryth Thurden, Ironforge's gryphon master. He's in the eastern part of the Great Forge. He'll provide a free flight to the South Gate Pass. Introduce yourself to Pilot Hammerfoot once you arrive."
"Meet with Evelyn Thorn : I just received a scroll from Evelyn Thorn in Stormwind. She wants you to pay a visit to the Training Hall in Stormwind. She doesn't mention specifics, but I got the impression that it was a matter of some importance."
"Operation Recombobulation : I should go back to Gnomeregan and continue researching a cure for irradiated gnomes.But, I stayed behind in Kharanos because the town is my home and I wanted to help defend it from the Frostmane attacks. I've been working on maintaining and repairing the steam tanks.For some reason, Frostmane scavengers have taken a liking to the gyromechanic gears I need to complete the repairs. They're all over the Frostmane Front to the southeast of town. Will you help me get those gears back?"
"Slave Labor : It will take me some time to break through this barrier and communicate with Nespirah.  In the meantime, you can save some of those men that the naga have enslaved in the pits below.<Duarn produces a length of rope from within his robes.>This should come in handy."
"DUN-dun-DUN-dun-DUN-dun : If ol' Gnaws had heels he'd be on 'em right now.Fortunately for you, I think like a shark.Gnaws is mad as all get out and we're gunna use that to our advantage.Here, I found this chain while out treasure-huntin'. Use it to tie off to that harpoon gun.When Gnaws sees ya he'll be consumed with rage - that's when we strike!You try to finish him off and I'll sneak in there and grab the shiney.Hurry, <class>, before he grows them teeth back!"
"The Family Crypt : The strongest point in the mills is the Agamand Family Crypt.  With necromancy, Captain Dargol has raised the ancestors of the Agamands and plans to use them against us.This cannot pass, and you must stop it.  Travel to the Agamand Family Crypt and defeat the raised Agamand ancestors."
"A Somber Task : These are difficult times for us, <name>.  It was a very hard decision to burn the woods bordering the Ghostlands to prevent the Scourge's expansion.The treants, who have been our friends for years, are now trying to foster the regrowth of the forest along the Scorched Grove.This is a painful thing to ask of you, <class>, but we've failed to convince our former allies to cease their endeavors.  I need you to stop them by the only means that remain to us: force."
"Prisoners : The Twilight cultist dropped this key. Use it to free the Alliance prisoners in the cages inside of L'ghorek.Hurry before the prisoners become sacrifices to whatever lurks below!"
"Detonation : Those explosives you planted were high yield, <name>. When I push this button on the Bravo Company field kit, that whole valley is gonna be consumed by a massive fireball of death.You know, I think you should do the honors. You did all the hard work, after all.Ready?"
"Strange New Faces : Now that Felstone is ours, we can use its acreage - and any dead bodies we find - for our own purposes.  I've received orders from higher up that you are going to be helping out in this process.You may have met Lindsay Ravensun on the battlefield in Andorhal.  I've never met her before, but she seems to have made some friends in high places, because she's taking over operations at Felstone.  You're to meet her at the charred Scarlet camp... the one you scouted out earlier."
"Victors' Point : You've more than proved your intent and your abilities. With Grim Batol cut off and the black dragons routed, the Twilight's Hammer are cornered in their Citadel.Go to your leaders. You should find them northwest, at Victors' Point. Let them know that when the attack on the Twilight Citadel begins, the red flight shall fill the skies above. You may not be able to atone for all of the sins your allies have committed, but in this one battle, we shall be by your side.The Twilight's Hammer will fall."
""
"The Bogpaddle Bullet : I've heard stories about a road to the Swamp of Sorrows.  Mysterious tales of a meandering mountain pathway that completely bypasses Redridge and poops you right out into Bogpaddle!If you run out of things to do, I suppose you'll have to leave.  And we'll all be sad.  When you do leave, talk to Sharon Boomgetter in the southeastern corner of the Steppes.  She'll give you a ride.<Oralius tilts his head, as if listening to something.>Winky?  WINKY!  NO!"
"Take Back What's Ours : Ever since the Forsaken invaded Gilneas, we've tried to keep the location of the Scythe of Elune secret.   We moved it at night to one of many safe locations.  The Dark Rangers got close, but never found it... until now.They were last spotted at the Woods' End Cabin, west of here.  Blow this horn when you find them and Tobias and his trackers will engage the Dark Rangers.Only then will it be safe for you to venture inside the cabin and take back the scythe.  Hurry, <name>.  It must not reach Sylvanas."
"A Pearl of Wisdom : This pearl is unlike anything you've ever seen before. It radiates light, and if you are not mistaken, it radiates powerful magic as well.Earthmender Duarn back in Silver Tide Hollow will surely be interested in this."
"Not Soon Forgotten : The Kvaldir leader has shown his rotting, ugly face but a short swim from here, down this hall to our west. We kill him now and the Kvaldir occupation of our once beloved city shall be ended.Beware Battlemaiden, for he is no weakling. He has many Kvaldir at his command. Some Sira'kess Sea Witches have been dispatched to weaken him during your attack, but they will be interrupted if you let any of his Kvaldir attack them.Show no mercy, Battlemaiden."
"Decompression : I simply cannot bear the thought of so many others like this warrior imprisoned, surrounded by naga.Something must be done to rescue them!Try this, <name>. Use  it on the prison cells to make them buoyant.If we can get them to the surface, at least they stand a chance at being rescued."
"Deactivating the Spire : As you may know, Magister Duskwither sent me back here to shut down the power sources that feed the Spire. There are three of them, each located in a different place inside.Unfortunately, I appear to be too late, and Duskwither Spire has been overrun with strange, magical creatures. While I haven't the expertise to accomplish this task, surely a <class>, such as yourself, could do so easily?"
"The Northern Flank : I have ordered a defensive perimeter set up on our northern coast, at the Slithering Cove. Our scouts reported that the naga were trying to make landfall there.Gralok is in charge of the operation - report to him and secure that beach!"
"They Drew First Blood : Take this bundle of Keeshan's possessions and head back to the Lakeshire inn basement. Bravo Company is already there, talking to Keeshan. Remind him of who drew first blood, <name>. Lakeshire needs Keeshan. The Alliance needs Keeshan.Dismissed, soldier!"
"Who Needs Cauldrons? : Have you seen the condition of Felstone Field?  The Alliance forces at Andorhal have taken the area, and they're using it to... to... to grow CROPS!I almost liked it better when the Scourge held the area.  At least they had the sense to put a giant plague cauldron in the middle of the field.We're going to take that farm back from these humans, <name>.  Take these drums and place them at key locations around the field.  I'll be waiting here at the Bulwark."
"Tomber's Supplies : How am I supposed to supply the war effort when I cannot even safely get my supplies here? I was promised an escort that never came. And then, I had to leave one of my carts behind to the west when I was attacked by a band of ghouls!Want to help out, and get me open for business in the process? Go down the western road out of town and past the graveyard. On the other side of the Dead Scar is a fork in the road. The hill that my cart had to be left on lies just beyond."
"Swabbing Duty : I want the surface of the Riptide t'shine like a star ruby, Swabbie <name>.  I keep a tight ship around here, and it's swabbies like you that make it happen!Well, what're y'waitin' for, y'cockle-brained bilgerat?  Head updecks and start swabbin'!"
"Raptor Hunting : So you think your hunting skills are in tip-top shape?  I can put them to the test in a jiffy.  Head out into that jungle and kill ten Stranglethorn raptors.  We'll see just how much of a big game hunter you are.And no, I won't tell you where you can find them!  Locating the beasts is half the challenge.Okay, go west."
"Too Big For His Britches : Whatever it is you want to do: I've got a recipe that'll do exactly that.  You want an exploding potion?  BOOM!!  You want a lightning potion?  ZAP!!  You want a shrinking potion?  Smeerp.So Bronwyn says he wants a carbon-dating potion?  Easy.  I could make that in my sleep.  The thing is... if we want it to be accurate, I need you to get some quality ingredients.Start with some humour from a basilisk to the north.  It'll need to be a pretty big basilisk..."
"Join the Battle! : I received an urgent message from Sergeant Willem. Turns out that the Blackrock orcs have hired goblin assassins. They ambushed our battalion behind the abbey. Willem has asked me to send him a hero. You have to go help them, <name>!Find Sergeant Willem north of the abbey at the command tent. Go!"
"Last Stand at Thundermar : I'll hand it to you and your Alliance friends. You've really worked the Dragonmaw over!Many of their riders are dismounted but they're still coming at us, and my defenders will be overrun without help.Kill Dragonmaw Skyclaws on foot and Thundermar will forever be in your debt!"
"Fear No Evil : Have you embraced the Holy Light yet, <brother/sister>? It is through the Holy Light that we are saved! It is through the Holy Light that I am able to heal these overly demanding soldiers! And it is through the Holy Light that you will be able to venture out into the field to the north and rescue our fallen brothers!Take this prayer book with you into the field and cast the Light's healing touch on the injured."
"Bloodlord Mandokir : <race>.  You just resurrected your worst nightmare.  You didn't think I was a friend, did you, <race>?  Ah, ha ha haaaa!You've served your purpose.  I've returned to the realm of the living, and it's all thanks to you.  So, instead of killing you, I'm going to make you a deal instead.Give me that raptor.You must already know that she's no normal raptor, and I need a replacement for Ohgan.  Do it, or both you and the gnome will taste my rage."
"Juice Delivery : Here's your Zombie Juice......and be careful with this stuff.  It's strong enough to raise the dead!"
"To Hardwrench Hideaway : Bwemba...  Is that you?Your contact was here.  He was eager to get to the next location and warn them.  And really, who could blame him?  I gave him use of a wyvern to reach the goblins of Hardwrench Hideaway, in the Cape of Stranglethorn.I will give you use of one of my wyverns to reach Hardwrench.Talk to me when you are ready to go, <name>."
"It's Ours Now : Only the strongest and foulest Vilebranch are left now. The soul eaters and blood drinkers, foul worshippers of the evil god Hakkar.Don't forget you're not just fighting trolls here, <name>. You're fighting dark and evil forces that'll churn this land into ash if we let them live!Show no mercy!"
"Cloth and Leather Armor : For your shrewdness and valor, I have a marker here that is good for one piece of armor.  I want you to take it to Sara Timberlain at the Eastvale Logging Camp.  Give her the marker, and she will fashion the armor for you.  And after you receive it, <name>, use it in the defense of Elwynn.Eastvale is just east of this post across the bridge."
"Fiends from the Netherworld : The ogre magi within the Undershell have summoned protectors for themselves: fleshling fiends from the netherworld.We cannot risk these aberrations from being later used against our forces. While you are in there, I want you to destroy as many of those things as you can."
"Thieving Little Monsters! : The long stretch of coastline directly south of our position that extends from west to east is known as the Western Strand. Along the Western Strand you will find two things: murlocs and our stolen ""supplies.""<Keyton puts his hands in the air and makes quotation marks with his fingers.>Those damned thieving murlocs struck while our backs were turned and took our ""supplies.""Sarus and I cannot leave this post. We need you to head to the Western Strand and recover those ""supplies!"""
"Highbank, Crybank : Get down there and make a mess of those Alliance rabble. Any of'm will do. I just want'm scattered while you're in there after the real target.Find us near the eastern tower when you're done."
"Zombie Juice : I need a bottle of a certain liquor - Zombie Juice.  Tavernkeep Smitts at the Scarlet Raven Tavern in Darkshire should have some.And please hurry, <name>.  These nights get cold, and I need that drink to put fire in my veins again!"
"Infiltration : For your next mission I want you to travel west to the Headland and infiltrate the Stormpike training grounds. Though there are hundreds of Stormpike trainees there, one of my banshees will disguise you to look like one of the humans captured earlier, allowing you to walk freely among the enemy.Enter the Headland and find the Stormpike instructors. Once found, coerce them into attacking you! When they attack, kill them. With their instructors dead, they will be unable to train more soldiers!"
"Sacrifices : You don't have to do this, <name>.  You've done more than enough already.But if you decide to stay... I'd be a fool to turn you away.My men have fortified their position inside the cathedral and are ready for what comes next.I'm about to head there and take as many of these flea-ridden devils with me as I can.  You're welcome to come along for the ride."
"Fallen But Not Forgotten : That was a disaster! Most of our men went down to spears before making it anywhere near the rendezvous.We're only going to be able to hold this position for so long before the naga overrun us. We need to get out there to the southwest and save as many of the men as we can find - do anything you can.They won't last long. Please hurry!"
"Thelsamar Blood Sausages : There's never a shortage of empty bellies here in Thelsamar, kids running in and out, workers from the excavation coming in after a hard day's work. We're famous for our blood sausages, I don't suppose you've ever tried them?No? Well, around here you've got to work for your meals, and don't think just because you're a fancy <class>, you'll be any exception.You get me some fresh bear rumps and leave the cooking to me!"
"A Dumpy Job : Alright, I need you to help me find my dumpy level.What's that look for? That's right! I said my dumpy level! It's a piece of significant surveying equipment!I didn't name the bloody thing, alright? Go look it up! All I did was leave it on a rock long enough for one of those horrible oozes to swallow it up. The place is crawling with 'em, but one of them should still have it inside."
"You Have Our Thanks : It's been many years since anyone has offered to lend us aid, <name>. Had you not come along, we might not have made it through the coming winter. You have proven yourself to be a selfless individual - a person that we can trust. I only wish we had something of value to offer you.While I have no information to assist you in your crusade to bring the Furlbrow's murderer to justice, perhaps my wife can help. Speak to Salma inside and she will tell you what you need to know before you leave."
"The Angerfang Menace : When we hauled up here to get away from the raptors, we put ourselves right next to a whole slew of Dragonmaw orcs!I've heard the stories in Menethil, how the Dragonmaw are even cruder barbarians than other orcs, how they strangle black dragons with their bare hands... I don't know how much of it's true, but I know we can't just let 'em sit up here in the hills.You've got the chops for it, <name>. Head east to the Angerfang Encampment, take care of those orcs, and make sure you get their leader!"
"Return to Blam : Inside the chest, you find a small, circular device, resting upon a cushion.If there are any titan artifacts to be found here in the tomb, this is it.  You resolve to bring it back to Dr. Blam."
"A Little Oomph : <Dithers samples his latest concoction.>Hmm... this isn't quite there.  It needs something to give it a little more zing.  I've got it!  The spiders to the north have a potent venom that'll do the trick.  See if you can extract some for me, <name>?"
"Gordo's Task : Master want weeds. Us gots big hands and not good at picking. You help us and we not hurt you. Us need gloom weed. Many weeds around here and near road.When you have gloom weed you take to Master Holland in Brill."
"Dragon, Unchained : Lirastrasza is the last and greatest of the red dragons that the Twilight's Hammer captured. They're about to kill her.I need you to take the Elementium Axe and free her from her bonds."
"The Brotherhood of Light : The Brotherhood of Light has a history of brash, thoughtless decisions.  They bridged a gap between the Scarlet Crusade and the Argent Dawn.  They were among the first to plunge into Northrend, while many of us lingered behind.However, they also have a history of getting results, which I respect.  They fight on two fronts now: one battle in Stratholme, and another, more immediate battle to the south at Tyr's Hand.I suggest you speak with Angela Dosantos at Tyr's Hand.  You may be of service."
"Beating Them Back! : So you're the new recruit from Stormwind, eh? I'm Marshal McBride, commander of this garrison. Glad to have you on board...<McBride looks through some papers.><name>. It is <name>, right?You've arrived just in time. The Blackrock orcs have managed to sneak into Northshire through a break in the mountain. My soldiers are doing the best that they can to push them back, but I fear they will be overwhelmed soon.Head northwest into the forest and kill the attacking Blackrock worgs! Help my soldiers!"
"The Mosh'Ogg Bounty : Say... have you heard about the ogres?  I got a hot tip from some fella' named Mok'thardin that some <race> schmuck in a ridiculous <class> getup found this ogre hand, and...<Skeezy trails off as he looks you over.>What was I just saying?  Oh yes... some <SWASHBUCKLING HERO/BREATHTAKING HEROINE> found this ogre hand, and Mok'thardin thinks it means that the ogres have some special artifact.  I've seen them guarding a chest up in some ruins behind their mound.  Care to fetch it for me?"
"The Kirthaven Summit : After the licking we just gave 'em, the Dragonmaw assaults on Thundermar ought to stop. Maybe the Wildhammer do have a place in your Alliance - we Thundermars certainly owe you a debt.Up in Kirthaven, our Grand Shaman Lachlan MacGraff has been trying to arrange a summit between the surviving Wildhammer family leaders. It's a tall order to get us all to work together, but I'm at least willing to give it a go.Fly up to Kirthaven in the North and talk to Lachlan MacGraff. I'll meet you there!"
"Clawing at the Truth : This can't be. My brother was strong-willed, but such vileness... such sickness and violent, bloody evil...<Tobias brings a hand to his face, averting his gaze.>I must have answers. I need to know how I got that letter. I need to know if Stalvan really did this.I need to know why...Take my ring, <name>. Bring it to Madame Eva. That woman is a follower of old arts and makes no secret of it... call it madness, but I'll try anything at this point."
"A Distraction for Akama : <Xi'ri pulses with lights as the Aldor and Scryer forces around him respond to his orders.  Xi'ri's army is ready to push Illidan's forces back and create a distraction for Akama.  The naaru awaits your request to begin the attack.>"
"The Great Netherwing Egg Hunt : Should you discover any Netherwing eggs while exploring, bring them to me.Be warned, a Netherwing egg is a rare discovery. Do not become frustrated if you cannot locate one. These Dragonmaw have been very thorough in collecting most of them and shipping them off to parts unknown.Eggs might be found on creatures of the island, near crystal formations, in the mines, or even inside a nethercite node or netherdust bush.Keep a low profile. We don't need Mor'ghor catching wind of your actions."
"A Slow Death : The Dragonmaw have peons stationed at nearly every crystal formation up here. While the outright slaying of them would draw far too much unwanted attention to you, there is a way that we can thin their numbers and remain below the suspicious eyes of Mor'ghor.Venture into the wilds of Shadowmoon Valley and slay the tainted wildlife. Take from them their corrupt fel glands. Use those fel glands with this mutton that I'll give you near the peons. They'll take one bite and fall deathly ill!"
"Netherdust Pollen : A flower picker?! Hilarious... Unfortunately, our mages and shaman need your services. The netherdust bushes that grow on this ledge have special pollen that is apparently very useful in their magical dealings. Bring me that stuff and I'll consider your work order complete."
"The Not-So-Friendly Skies... : On the northeast edge of this island exists a dock used for the packaging and transport of Netherwing crystals and relics. Dragonmaw Transporters transport the goods from the dock to Dragonmaw Fortress while Dragonmaw Ascendants guard the ground from any would-be attackers.This leaves one opening for you to make a strike at the Dragonmaw: The Dragonmaw Skyway.Fly to the shattered islands of the Dragonmaw Skyway and ambush the transporters that use the route. Recover our stolen relics!"
"Nethermine Flayer Hide : A skinner, eh? Well you'll find plenty to skin here! You gotta search for flayers around crystal formations. Take 'em down and take their hides. Sometimes they'll have a hide worth keepin'. Bring those to me."
"Kindness : Something has them spooked, <race>.<Mordenai points to the nether drakes flying overhead.>They won't even come down to feed. I have seen several fall to the earth, dead from exhaustion before their bodies hit the ground.We must save them! The Rocknail flayers that are found near the crystals are their natural prey. Kill flayers and take their carcasses. Place a carcass in the field and stand extremely still. As long as you do not make any aggressive motions, they will not attack you."
"Crazed and Confused : Don't worry about this dragon, <name>. We've got plans for it...Deeper in this mine is a band of crazed Murkblood. After the dragon broke out, they were cut off from the exit. Somehow, after a mere 2 days of isolation, they've lost all sense of decency.They've resorted to cannibalism and the promotion of mayhem. We don't need that kind of madness in this place. Find 'em and kill 'em. All of 'em."
""
"A Job Unfinished... : In the name of our great master... For the glory of Illidan!By order of Overlord Mor'ghor, the great plateau of Netherwing Ledge is to be secured. With all Netherwing drakes captured or forced off of the land, rock flayers are running rampant and threatening crystal harvesting operations.Destroy them all, their den mother and her consort, Arvoar.Mor'ghor commands it!<It would appear that this orc failed to take the plateau. It is time to prove your worth to Mor'ghor!>"
"Overseeing and You: Making the Right Choices : So you're the new overseer, eh? Well there's one thing any good overseer needs and that's the proper disciplinary weapon. Before you can go out there and knock some sense into these peons you need to have your ""piece."" Each overseer has to gather the materials required to make their own ""piece"" and you'll be no different.I'll need knothide leather and the hardened hide of Tyrantus. You'll find Tyrantus in Eco-Dome Farfield, located in the northern reaches of Netherstorm."
"Nethercite Ore : A miner!<Varkule salutes.>An orc after my own heart! That's how Varkule got his start - minin'! There ain't nothin' better than getting down and dirty in the mines, is there?Now get out there and find those nethercite deposits. Strip 'em for all their worth and bring me back the ore."
"Ally of the Netherwing : Allow me to return you to Mordenai. I am certain that he wishes to see you once more."
"Dragonmaw Race: Captain Skyshatter : You dare challenge Skyshatter? The world around you will fall into darkness as the heavens are torn asunder by my meteors.You stand no chance, soldier. Yet it is your desire to die...I will entertain this morbid obsession if only to prove a point to any that might foolishly dream of making the same mistake.We ride when you are ready!"
"The Cipher of Damnation : How many times has this spell has been used in the history of our worlds? Undoubtedly, its power for destruction is unparalleled.What you must do now is take the cipher, now made whole, and read from it at the Altar of Damnation - where the memory of Gul'dan stands.What you will see once the words are uttered are the memories left imprinted upon the land. Stand your ground and await the coming of Cyrukh.You must be victorious, <name>. This land can not withstand another shattering."
"The Soul Cannon of Reth'hedron : Reth'hedron now lords over the Twilight Ridge of Nagrand. An eredar of such power being loosed upon this world does not bode well for the Illidari. Alas, we do not have the resources required to slay Reth'hedron. Not with the war the bastards have brought to the Black Temple. No... I have a better plan.You will subdue Reth'hedron, banishing him back through the Twilight Portal. For this a soul cannon must be fashioned.Return to me with the materials on this list."
"Netherwing Crystals : No good at nothin'? That's fine. Even lunkheads like you can be used around here. Just find creatures on the ledge and kill 'em. Sometimes they'll have nether crystals on their carcasses. Gather those and bring 'em back to me and I'll consider your work order for the day complete."
"Ar'kelos the Guardian : Now that you've gathered all the items I'll need to break Kael'thas's curse, one thing remains to be done. When Kael'thas sealed the tower, he placed an arcane golem, known as Ar'kelos, at the bottom of the tower.You must defeat Ar'kelos in order allow me to work magic within the tower again.When you enter the Violet Tower, the curse will begin to affect you.Once you have defeated Ar'kelos, ascend the tower and assist me in making preparations for the ritual."
"Divination: Gorefiend's Armor : In life, Gorefiend was a bastard, but in death, Gorefiend was an unmitigated terror.To the southeast you will find Netherwing Ledge. What was once part of the mainland of Shadowmoon is now a floating island in the sky.Vhel'kur, spawn of Deathwing, once called it his home, but now knows it as his grave. He flies an endless circle above the island, seething at his defeat to Gorefiend.If you are to recover the Gorefiend's armor, it is Vhel'kur that you must defeat."
"WANTED: Annihilator Servo! : WANTED:  1 Annihilator Servo to replace the failing one in my Long Neck Spectrum Analyzer.You and your friends might want to check with the blood elves at Manaforge B'naar to the west to see if they have any spares.  They seem to have a few arcane annihilators roaming about.Please deliver the servo in pristine condition to Papa Wheeler at Area 52."
"In Service of the Illidari : Netherwing Ledge... What was once a bastion of sanctuary for the Netherwing is now home to the Dragonmaw. While the orcs may have control of our territory, our magic there is still strong. Strong enough to cloak your true identity and allow you to infiltrate the ranks of Dragonmaw.I have prepared this letter for you to present to their leader, Overlord Mor'ghor. Fly headlong into the maw of our enemy and seek out Dragonmaw Base Camp to start your new life as a fel orc of Illidan Stormrage."
"Burning Crusade: Through the Dark Portal : For 20 years the Dark Portal has remained a silent monument - a eulogy to a time long since forgotten.<Relthorn looks around.>I never thought to see this day, yet here we stand, looking into the abyss.On the other side of this gate we are locked in a savage war - a war that we cannot win without support. You must go through the Dark Portal and help our troops, <class>.Report to Commander Duron at once. He awaits you in Outland..."
"Report to Spymaster Thalodien : Some time ago, Voren'thal dispatched a small team to Netherstorm to investigate the activities of Kael'thas. Our leader has the utmost confidence in Spymaster Thalodien and his compatriots, and has decided to honor his request for reinforcements.Thalodien's report was brief, but clear that he's encountered something of great importance. Report to him at Area 52 and assist him in any way possible, <name>."
"Whispers of the Raven God : At Grishnath, totems left by the Oracles of the Raven enable the arakkoa to hear the Word of the Raven. Unfortunately, the language of the arakkoa is indecipherable to us.Using the Harbinger's pendant, we can understand it. You will be able to take the souls of the arakkoa to understand their language. While you are suffused with the arakkoa's spirit, you can visit the totems and understand their message.Discover this for us, <name>."
"Zuluhed the Whacked : He hides in my thoughts, mortal. He waits for me to break... for me to bend to his will.And this will be his undoing. I will call for him. I will tell him that I will do as he asks. When he appears, kill him and take the key!Know this: Zuluhed is an ancient orc with unknown powers. He has surely been empowered further by Illidan. You risk your life for me in doing as I ask. Are you certain you wish to make such a sacrifice?"
"Breaking Down Netherock : To whomever cares about the timely construction of the X-52 Nether-Rocket --The king of the local mountain giants, Netherock, has been terrorizing the Crumbling Wastes.  He's been interfering with operations all along the south ledge of the island!Take your friends and deal with him!  Then, return to me here in Area 52.Rocket-Chief Fuselage"
"Off To Area 52 : I'm out here studying the nether - the ethereal currents and all that.  This is an ideal spot away from the lights and hubbub of town.  Isn't this bridge great?  If I could just keep this junk working.Hey, you know, if you're looking for work there's plenty at Area 52!  It's just up the path and take a right at the fork in the road.Why don't you deliver my latest research notes to Rocket-Chief Fuselage?  I'm sure that he'd have plenty for you to do, what with the X-52 rocket ship, and all!"
"Teleport This! : As fun as killing demons might be, it does us little good when the Legion can keep using its teleporters to replace anything we kill.Unfortunately, I don't have any high-powered explosives handy... but the mo'arg that maintain the teleporters do.Take this rod... I've tuned its powers to interfere with mo'arg brain frequencies.  Return to Forge Base: Gehenna and use it on any mo'arg you see.  You won't have long, but you'll be able to use their demolition charges on the nearby teleporters."
"Conjurer Luminrath : The cloak, undoubtedly of high elven craftsmanship, is richly tailored, even by the standards of the Kirin Tor. The symbols and characters sewn into the cloak's fabric hold no meaning for you, but clearly imbue the garment with magical properties.Perhaps this object binds the spirit of its former owner to this plane of existence. If so, returning it to the dresser in Conjurer Luminrath's quarters might break the spirit's link to this world, allowing it to rest."
"It's a Fel Reaver, But with Heart : You see that scrapped fel reaver over there to the south?  Isn't it a thing of beauty?I want its heart!What?  Yes, of course it has a heart... what doesn't?<N. D. looks indignant for a moment.>Go on over there, pry it open, bring back what I want and I'll give you a nice finder's fee in return.Oh, and I'd take a friend or two along if I were you.  These Zaxxis ethereals are a pretty mean bunch!Take this fel zapper to jumpstart its heart when you're ready to begin."
""
"Abjurist Belmara : This worn, sturdy tome is no spellbook, as you might expect a Kirin Tor mage to carry. The pages of the volume are covered with hand-copied stories, accompanied by colorful illustrations.The tome seems to be far older than its former owner and may have even been a family heirloom. A powerful tie to the book may have been the last thread tying Belmara's spirit to the ruins of Kirin'Var. Returning it to its proper place on the bookshelf in her quarters might help appease her restless spirit."
"Battle-Mage Dathric : The sword is of exceptional quality, finely crafted and perfectly balanced for a battle-mage. The seal of the Kirin Tor and the name ""Dathric"" are engraved into the weapon's pommel.Turning the weapon over in your hands, you notice a sense of wrongness radiating from the metal, as if the item is torn between two worlds. Could this be the item anchoring Battle-Mage Dathric's spirit to this world?Perhaps returning it to its proper place can break the bond, freeing Dathric's spirit to rest at last."
"Shattering the Veil : <Gordawg breaks off a piece of ebon rock from his back.>You are granted a piece of the fury of the earth. Take the boulder of Gordawg and hurl it at the poison rock. Shatter their shells to discover the truth. Destroy the minions of the usurper and return to Gordawg with the name.You find the shattered elements at the edge of the world. Southwest."
"Disrupting the Twilight Portal : One of your responsibilities as a captain of Dragonmaw is to snuff out Burning Legion activity in Outland. It is your duty to silence those that defy Lord Illidan!The demons foolishly attempt to stabilize the portal found on the Twilight Ridge of western Nagrand. They must pay for their treachery, and you will be the orc that collects on their debt.Travel to the Twilight Ridge and lay waste to its inhabitants. You will be responsible for making at least one attack per day on their fortifications."
"Cohlien Frostweaver : Looking at the hat, you find yourself asking if any Kirin Tor mage would own such headgear. Judging from the hat's wear, it seems the gnome wouldn't go anywhere without it.You try on the hat momentarily, discovering no magical properties beyond a faint urge to dance.The treasured possession might be the source of the dead mage's bond to the village. Placing the hat in the footlocker in Cohlien's quarters might free his spirit."
"There Is No Hope : You are an honorable <race>, <name>. You have done much for the Mag'har. No one could ever deny your service to my people. Alas, the time of the Mag'har is at an end. You have shown me, more than anything, that I am unfit to lead these people. My cursed blood runs too deep. I will not... I cannot become the second Hellscream to damn the orcs.Please, <name>, return to the Greatmother and tell her what I have told you. I am too ashamed to see her... to look into her eyes."
"The Sunfury Garrison : After Prince Kael'thas's forces destroyed the village and imprisoned the archmage in the Violet Tower, they withdrew to Sunfury Hold to the northeast. The very men who destroyed our village and slew our fellows toast their 'amazing victory' while we are helpless to avenge the fallen.We must not allow these crimes to go unanswered! Be the instrument of our vengeance, <name>. Go to Sunfury Hold and claim the lives of those responsible for this crime."
"Seeker of Truth : You may be familiar with Orik Trueheart. He has devoted his time after the Northrend campaign to learning more about Tyr. Orik has evidence of a powerful shield crafted by Tyr long ago. With the help of the Sunwalkers, we may finally be able to seek it out.Please speak to him immediately."
"Full Triangle : With the data from both the first and second points, I'm now certain that the crystal is at the top of the Ruins of Farahlon to the northeast.Unfortunately, the data indicates that the crystal is moving, which means that it has already been discovered, probably by the Burning Legion!Just in case, I recommend that you take some friends along.Slay the demon that has the crystal and return it to Nexus-Prince Haramad."
"An Apexis Relic : Long ago a now-extinct sect of the arakkoa known as the Apexis lived here.  Remnants of their civilization are still present.  We call them apexis relics.What we know about them is that, when properly used, they grant a boon.  Each relic presents a colored sequence which, when the crystals are pressed in the correct order, leads through a series of levels, each harder than the last.An apexis shard is needed to power the relic.  Return when you have attained the insight of the apexis vibration."
"Seek Out Neltharaku : Their patron soars high above, <name>. Perhaps the kindness that you showed his children has moved his heart. Seek Neltharaku out and enlist his aid. Together, you may be able to solve the plight of the Netherwing drakes.<Mordenai points to the sky.>Fly high, friend..."
"Tablets of Baa'ri : The Ashtongue Broken have been ordered by Illidan to excavate the Ruins of Baa'ri, to the far north.  They're in search of draenei artifacts, no doubt - Baa'ri was home to many Baa'ri relics before Gul'dan buried the town under a volcanic explosion.  We must use this opportunity to recover the Tablets of Baa'ri, an ancient text rumored to hold the secrets of the Temple of Karabor... a place you might know as the Black Temple."
"Proof of Allegiance : Akama has been tracking your progress quite closely, <name>.The Ashtongue you've slain at the Ruins of Baa'ri are amongst the most evil Broken known among us... carefully hand-picked by Akama himself to maintain the facade we need to present to Illidan.  The Deathsworn, however, know of Akama's true intentions.First things first.  We need to know that you are not with Illidan.  A Satyr known as Zandras watches over us from above the prison walls on his behalf.  Slay him as proof of your allegiance."
"The Booterang: A Cure For The Common Worthless Peon : This is your booterang. There are many like it but this one is yours.As an overseer you will use this booterang to sow terror into the hearts of defiant peons. Proper use of the booterang will instill obedience and ensure subservience.Venture forth to the crystal fields and discipline any peons that you see slacking off. Show them the might of the booterang!"
"Quenching the Blade : The blade is nearly finished!You can almost feel the magic beginning to coalesce inside the steel, but one thing remains to be done.You must take the forged blade to the Scalding Pools near the top of the Hand of Gul'dan in Shadowmoon Valley and plunge it into the lava pools to quench the sword. When you have quenched the sword, return."
"The Secret Compromised : Thanks again, <name>.  I recognize your name.  Akama has entrusted you with his plans and so I will trust you as well.The naga discovered I was working against Illidan and tried to get me to speak by torturing me.  I did not tell them a thing - Akama himself taught me to master pain through meditation.Illidan asked the naga to bring me to him.  He would have seen right through my flesh and into my soul's deepest secrets.Akama must be warned.  Our plans are in jeopardy!"
"Subdue the Subduer : <Balthas holds up an alien looking device.>This is a soul cannon. Its effects are devastating when attuned. This one is attuned to my blood. The same blood flowing through the veins of Reth'hedron - my brother. Aye, his misplaced allegiance will be the end of him.Take the cannon and fly to the Twilight Ridge in western Nagrand. Locate Reth'hedron and fire! You must stay on your mount and within range for the effects to take hold. Stand your ground against him and he will have no choice but to flee!"
"The Ata'mal Terrace : It has been known to us that the fel orcs, under Illidan's command, have guarded an Ata'mal crystal known as the Heart of Fury at the Ata'mal Terrace.  They cloud its presence with dark magic, to keep it from the Sha'tar.Fight your way to the Atam'al Terrace outside the Black Temple and turn your eyes to the sky.  Shadowlord Deathwail will circle the terrace, beyond your reach.  You will have to slay him and his warlocks before you can obtain the crystal.It won't be easy, <name>.  I wish you luck."
""
"To Netherwing Ledge! : I believe that I can imbue nethervine crystals with my own essence. The power contained within these imbued crystals should be sufficient to free enslaved drakes of their masters' grasps.Travel to Netherwing Ledge, an island located off the broken shelf of Shadowmoon Valley, to the southeast. It is on Netherwing Ledge that you will find nethervine crystals. Return to me when you have collected enough crystals to fill your packs.And <name>, Beware the Dragonmaw that now inhabit the island."
"Warp-Raider Nesaad : Warp-Raider Nesaad must be dealt with!  I have no idea how he survived my attack, but he cannot be allowed to continue his operation out there.Go back and take out Nesaad.  He keeps a small ethereal camp near the southwestern corner of the Heap.Don't fail like I did, <class>."
"Picking Up The Pieces... : Much of our hard work lies scattered about in these mines. Carts full of cargo are littered across every inch of this mine! We just can't get to any of it with the current infestation.That's where you come in, <name>. Your daily duty here at this mine is to collect the cargo left behind by the miners and deep mine workers.Gather the nethermine cargo and return it to me or my sister."
"Gurok the Usurper : Gurok must be summoned. You summon Gurok and you destroy.You must go to Warmaul Hill to the northwest and find where ogre worships Gurok. You put ogre skull from Warmaul ogres on Gurok's earthen brand. Only then will Gurok come. Seven skulls.If you live, bring Gordawg back Gurok earthen head. Gordawg crushes head.<Gordawg bites down hard, shaking the earth beneath your feet.>"
"Divination: Gorefiend's Truncheon : One by one they knelt before him, offering their lives as a show of allegiance. Gorefiend hoisted his sickle and cut clean their heads. Shortly after this slaughter, Gorefiend took his own life.But this was no act of contrition! No, Gorefiend sought immortality! From the corpses of the fallen death knights rose the Ghostriders of Karabor.They now ride the roads encircling the Hand of Guldan, awaiting the day that their master returns. It is they who hold the truncheon of Gorefiend. Retrieve it..."
"Akama's Promise : <Akama inserts the crystal into the medallion in his hand.>I am not as strong as I once was, <name>.  Being so close to evil itself all these years - I do not know if I can trust myself with an artifact as powerful as this.Take this as my promise to you that when the time comes and you face Illidan, I will be on your side.  Take it to the one being we know we can trust with its power.  Take the medallion to A'dal in Shattrath City."
"What the Soul Sees : For several centuries, the spirits of Auchindoun coalesced into my darkened essence. Many of the catastrophes that befell this crypt were a direct result of my weakened state.Regrettably, there is nothing that can be done to stop this cycle. It is a facet of the naaru condition - without the void, the Light cannot exist.Your only recourse is to destroy the ancient spirits of Nagrand before they transform into creatures of the void. Use the soul mirrors found throughout this crypt to free them..."
"Enter the Taskmaster : <Mor'ghor crumples up the service letter and tosses it aside.>Alright grunt, first things first. If you're gonna join my beloved Dragonmaw army, you'll need to work. Everyone works up here on the ledge. Get a job and don't screw it up and I'll see if there might be something more interesting for you to do later.Go talk to Taskmaster Varkule Dragonbreath. He's standin' in the middle of town. He'll assess your skills and assign work as he sees fit.Now get out of my face!"
"A Visit With the Greatmother : The Greatmother has asked that I seek you out and deliver a message. She wishes to speak with you at once.My will has been sapped but make no mistake, <name>, if you anger the Greatmother, I will come down upon you with all the force that I can muster. She is in the main hall.<Garrosh points at the large building to the north.>Listen to what she has to say and do as she tells you."
"The Relic's Emanation : Now that you have felt the enlightening vibrations of the apexis relics, it is time for you to further your understanding of their workings.  We are very eager to benefit from your observations!As you progress in your ability to attune to the relics, you will gain a higher level of knowledge.  This recognition will come in the form of an emanation from the relic.Return to us when you have attained such an emanation."
"Forge Camp: Annihilated : Gather your allies, <name>. You will need them if you are to face an overseer.Once you have a suitable group, find and kill the overseers at each camp. Take their keys and use them to turn and fire the fel cannons upon the camps. Return to me once the camps are destroyed."
"Lord Illidan Stormrage : Come, highlord <name>. Illidan himself awaits us!"
"The Cipher of Damnation - Ar'tor's Charge : At last, we are ready. I will bestow a piece of my spirit upon you, hero. It will guard you and help you in your battle against evil.You must then travel south of here towards the back of Illidari Point. Hidden in the ether is a vile creature known as Veneratus the Many. My spirit hunter will call him out when he is near.Destroy Veneratus and take from his corpse the second part of the Cipher of Damnation."
"The Smallest Creatures : The ogres, simple as they are, would notice you dispersing this poison throughout their camp. Thus, I will teach you how to enlist the help of one of nature's smallest creatures to do this task.By playing a simple rhythm on this drum, you can coax a marmot to follow your commands.There is a den of marmots near the Bloodmaul camp, to the north, down in the Daggermaw Canyon past the Circle of Blood.Once you have a marmot's aid, use it to disperse the poison to the Bloodmaul's kegs."
"You, Robot : Doctor Vomisa, Ph.T. at your service.  Here, take this controller.  I want you to activate it and give my newly-invented Scrap Reaver X6000 a spin.Just stay nearby!  The controller is tied to my console here, and if you get too far away, the robot will cease to function.Try out everything... I'll be watching and calibrating its servos based upon your test run."
"Turning Point : This is the chance we've been waiting for, <name>.  Not only have we uncovered the evidence we need to show our people who Kael'thas is really working for, but we can prove our strength by defeating his new masters.My frail health prevents me from aiding you in person with this endeavor, but I will offer you an object that will allow me to project my powers across the continent."
"News of Victory : You must bring word of our success to Overlord Or'barokh immediately! Now that we've crushed the Legion and obliterated their presence in Shadowmoon Valley, the overlord can turn his attention to our other foes.Although the Kor'kron guard will never admit it, they'll be glad we're no longer fighting on two fronts."
"Deathblow to the Legion : When facing eredar of great power, large armies are useless for the most part.  Their corruptive powers over mortal souls are such that only the strongest-willed can even stand face to face with them.Take this stone to the Invasion Point: Overlord, between Forge Base: Oblivion and Gehenna and bring your closest, strongest friends with you.  Orelis and Karja will meet you at Socrethar's Seat; I will send Adyen along with them.May the Light prevail today, <name>.  May Socrethar meet his end."
"Showdown : Now it comes to this. We will bring Goc forth from his lair, and we will destroy him. With Goc dead, the Bladespire ogres will threaten the Mok'Nathal no longer. Go to Goc's altar outside Gruul's Lair, then blow my horn. I will come, and we will face the son of Gruul together."
"Divination: Gorefiend's Cloak : Many a cruel act he committed but none so cold as the slaughter of the clerics of Karabor.After Gul'dan's Horde defeated the draenei of Karabor, the surviving clerics of Karabor were marched out, told that they were to be taken to Hellfire Citadel as prisoners of war.Gorefiend, not yet a death knight, murdered each and every last one of them in cold blood. They now roam in front of the Black Temple with vengeance in their hearts.It is the clerics of Karabor that hold the cloak of Gorefiend."
"Varedis Must Be Stopped : Of course we must destroy this book, but not before we use it to destroy Varedis.If we're to shut down this academy of Illidan imitators, we'll have to deal not just with Varedis but also the three night elf masters that assist him: Alandien, Theras and Netharel.Gather a suitable force and return to the Ruins of Karabor.  Follow Altruis's instructions for defeating Varedis.  Hopefully his plan will work - otherwise... it'll have been a pleasure working with you."
"Bow to the Highlord : I am unworthy to even carry a message directed at you, sir. Please forgive me for this indulgence. Overlord Mor'ghor has requested your presence in his chambers at once!"
"The Fallen Exarch : They are feeding the souls they steal to a coffin that they have dragged out from the Auchenai Crypts. My scouts believe the contents of the coffin to contain the first exarch of the crypts. They seek to resurrect the ancient one!You must battle your way to the western side of Auchindoun and disturb the contents of that coffin before they feed it enough souls. Should you lose your way, follow the walking souls.Destroy whatever is inside that coffin!"
"The Hand of Gul'dan : The elements need your help, <race>! Shadowmoon Valley has been subject to unspeakable evils. The spirits remain tortured to this day. Many are enraged and unwilling to commune with the Earthen Ring.Help this world heal, friend.Southeast of Shadowmoon Village - in the heart of Shadowmoon Valley - you will find an area known as the Altar of Damnation. Make your way there and speak with Earthmender Torlok."
"City of Light : Do not burden A'dal with petty inquisitions, <class>.  That just might be the most powerful being you ever come face to face with.You do not look familiar.  I suppose you want to learn about the city?You'll have to excuse me if I don't give you a tour myself, but I'm a bit busy discussing strategy with A'dal.  Perhaps you'll find a summoned servant acceptable in my stead?  Excellent!"
"Ravager Egg Roundup : I'm starving!There's irony in that, wouldn't you say?  A starving cook?<Legassi laughs half-heartedly and taps a folded piece of parchment he has in his pocket.>According to this tourist map we were following - before we were so rudely shot down - there's an area to the southwest, near Terokkar Forest.  It's called the Razorthorn Trail, and supposedly it's brimming with delicious ravager eggs!I could cook up quite a feast if only someone were brave enough to go down there and get me some!"
"Borak, Son of Oronok : While Ar'tor was off hunting and Grom'tor was off fighting, Borak studied. Eventually he took up a vocation as a scholar and left for the wilds of Draenor. He returned home a few years ago a changed orc.His heightened sense of awareness and mental acuity had forged a silent assassin.Now a confident and powerful orc, he has taken to recovering the most guarded piece of the cipher.Find Borak hiding near Eclipse Point, far to the south. He watches from the shadows of the bridge."
"The Cipher of Damnation - Borak's Charge : That Cipher fragment will never reach Zuluhed. You're going to ambush Ruul the Darkener and his transport before it has a chance to make the delivery.The Dragonmaw Fortress is directly east of here, across the Netherwing Fields. Somewhere between Dragonmaw Fortress and the Sanctum of the Stars is where you'll find Ruul. Strike hard and strike fast! And <name>, from the sound of it, this Ruul is going to be tough. Keep your guard up.Return the Cipher to me should you succeed."
"Terokk's Downfall : I... I've turned a blind eye to your dealings with the arakkoa prisoner, <name>.  It looks like your instincts to cooperate with him were right.You must understand... I would've faced a mutiny in my current state if I endorsed your efforts to bring Terokk to this world.Take the items that Hazzik prepared for you and go ahead with your plan.  I will command my men to back you up when the time comes.  I recommend that you bring a force of your own as well.  I fear you'll only get one chance at this."
"Dragons are the Least of Our Problems : That dragon waking up riled up a host of other nasty creatures in these mines. Two types are proving to be a thorn in the side of the Dragonmaw: Nethermine flayers and Nethermine ravagers. You must help us by killing them off. All I ask is your involvement once per day.Get in there and kill as many as you can!"
"The Great Murkblood Revolt : This document outlines a revolt planned by the Murkblood broken. It seems that the dragon was to be used as a diversion to draw attention away from their escape. Looking at all of the corpses littering the mine, it would be safe to assume that their plans failed.Return the escape plans to the Mistress of the Mines."
"Additional Materials : The ingots that you brought contain most of the metal I'll need to forge the sword's blade, but I'll need a variety of things to create other parts of the weapon.Let's see, among the things I don't have here are an adamantite frame, some heavy knothide leather, and a demon warding totem. Skilled crafters should be able to produce the first two, but the third is only sold by the reagent vendor in Shattrath's Lower City, Fantei. You'll find him with the other tradesmen."
"Entry Into the Black Temple : <A'dal shows you an image of a naaru outside of the Black Temple, fighting alongside draenei vindicators and blood elf magisters.  You immediately understand that this is the distraction Akama is waiting for.>"
"Finding the Keymaster : In retrospect, I suppose I should've expected Kael'thas's magic to be this robust. He's always been a talented mage, but I've never seen anything like the power he wielded during the attack on the tower.The ward keeps me from being able to scry out the force holding it in place, but it doesn't preclude you from scrying.You'll require a focus, though. A crystal-bearing giant named Apex roams the plains to the west of Manaforge Duro. One of its crystals would make an excellent scrying focus."
"The Mark of the Nexus-King : What I must now know is what the Ethereum have held inside the Mana-Tombs of Auchindoun.In your battles against the beasts of the stasis chambers of Bash'ir you may run across an item known as the Mark of the Nexus-King. Should you find such an item, return it to me immediately! It is the final piece in crafting a key that will allow access to the stasis chamber inside the Mana-Tombs."
"Don't Kill the Fat One : I have been watching these beasts for days. The fat one says that he is waiting for something. What he is waiting for, however, is a mystery.I have a plan but it is going to involve some violence on your part. You will need to kill several of his subordinates and then beat him within an inch of his life. Do this and I am certain he will tell us everything that we need to know."
"The Deadliest Trap Ever Laid : Take these Aldor medals. Mor'ghor will need proof of ""victory"" once this is over. He will recognize them as coming from the corpses of fallen Aldor soldiers.Now all that remains is to use the signal flare to alert the Dragonmaw raiders. We will crush them when you are ready. Just give me the word."
"The Howling Wind : This amorphous mass of elemental air is speaking to you in a language that you cannot understand. You believe the language to be the tongue of the elements: Kalimag. Perhaps someone at the Throne of the Elements could shed some insight on this unusual find."
"The Ring of Blood: Brokentoe : So are you ready for your first battle? If you are, let me know and I'll get things started. All you have to do is go wait in the Ring of Blood for your opponent to arrive.This fight is against Brokentoe, a ferocious clefthoof.Good luck! I hope you brought friends.And remember, the fight's over when either you or your opponent are lying face down on the arena floor."
"A Damp, Dark Place : Soon after I escaped the Umbrafen tribe, I holed up in a cave south of their village.  Little did I know that the cave was being fought over by marsh beasts and spore men!I had to leave in a hurry and left behind a box containing my only worldly possessions.After managing to sneak out of Umbrafen with my belongings it was terrible irony that I would lose them so soon after.  If you're willing to bring them back to me I'll give you one of my very own personal items.  What do you say, <name>?"
"Hellfire Fortifications : The Hellfire Citadel wages constant battles with our forces.  We are holding our own so far, but we can't yet launch a real offensive against them.  To do that, we need forward staging areas.Our scouts identified three fortifications near Hellfire Citadel.  We want you to help secure these forts.  Capture each fort, and then report back to me.May fortune shine upon you in the conflicts ahead, <name>, for you will no doubt clash with Horde forces eager to gain these same fortifications."
"Teron Gorefiend, I am... : With Gorefiend's items restored, there is but one last piece to this puzzle: A host.<The ancient shadowmoon spirit's lips curl up  to form a wicked grin.>Surely you did not believe the fairy tale that I told you. The Altar of Shadows is my prison. Without your help, I would have been stuck here for all eternity. Now, I will take over your body and you will destroy my captors and break these bonds. Refuse and we will both be stuck here forever.Teron Gorefiend will be free!"
"Bomb Them Again! : We're still having problems with those flak cannons, <name>.Don't get me wrong -- I think that you did an outstanding job the last time out -- but, that doesn't change the fact that those damned demons seem to be replenishing their ammo supplies faster than we can knock them out.  And that means we're having a hell of a time getting our people through there, not to mention the risk those demons pose to Ogri'la.What do you say?  Want to take another shot at it?"
"Our Boy Wants To Be A Skyguard Ranger : <class>, we've got a problem -- we have lots of sons.  And ever since the Skyguard moved in nearby, all our sons ever talk about is joining their ranks.As a proud father, we want them to have every advantage for when they apply.  So, would you go to the fel crystalforge at either forge camp to the north or south, and procure a magic flask for our sons?  You can't miss their green smoke.We think that they take ten apexis shards to make.  We'd give you the shards, but we don't have any at the moment."
"A Time for Negotiation... : When we arrived in the Ruuan Weald, the wyrm cultists were keeping themselves to Blackwing Coven, through the tunnel to the west.  But now, they are encroaching upon us here.I need you to find the wyrmcultists' overseer.  He's known to make a regular patrol between their various camps in the Ruuan Weald.Negotiate with him.  Let him know that there's room for compromise, but that we will not condone or allow the wholesale slaughter of the wildlife, nor the felling of all of the trees."
"The Ring of Blood: The Final Challenge : <Gurgthock is counting his massive pile of gold.>You've made me a lot of money, kid. If you can defeat Mogor, I promise to make it worth your while. All that pain you suffered in the Ring of Blood is gonna end up paying off.Now get in there and show these ogres what you're made of!"
"In Defense of Halaa : We are not a warlike race, <race>.  However when war comes to our lands, we do not run away from it.The Alliance and the Horde wage war in the city of Halaa, to the northwest. We do not know what the blood elves are scheming, but any victory for the Horde would be disastrous.  The history between our people and the orcs is one of bloodshed and betrayal.Go and slay the enemy in Halaa and you will be rewarded in coin, honor and renown."
"Ethereum Secrets : <Ameer holds up a tag.>I found this prisoner I.D. tag with the remains of the fallen vanguard. I can only assume that all of their prisoners are tagged in the same manner.I'm going to start cataloguing the tags in hopes of making sense of their penal system. If in your adventures you find more Ethereum prison keys, you can use them to open the Ethereum prisons at the Ethereum Staging Grounds - directly south of here. Bring me back any and all I.D. tags that you find."
"Vengeful Souls : The Tomb of Lights has become corrupted by the Shadow Council and the draenei dead have become cursed spirits, angry and confused with a burning hatred for the living.Enter the tomb and seek out these tragic victims. Give them the rest that they deserve."
"Elemental Power Extraction : Darn it, that didn't do it!Ok, I've got another idea!  I had Xyrol whip up an elemental power extractor.  I'm not certain exactly what this power will do, but I know that I can use it.The sundered rumblers and warp aberrations on the ledge of the Crumbling Wastes to the south have just what I need for the engines!The extractor will change the form of their power into something solid that you'll be able to gather up after you've defeated them."
"A'dal : Welcome to Shattrath City, <class>.  This might be the one place in all of Outland where you'll find any semblance of safety.A group of naaru known as the Sha'tar drove the demons away from here.If you've never met a naaru, you ought to see A'dal inside the Terrace of Light.  The leader of the Sha'tar is an awe-inspiring sight if I ever saw one.  Sure is a change of pace from anything else in this bleak land."
"Spirits of Auchindoun : The draenei might be our enemies, but the spirits of their ancestors in Auchindoun are restless and have no allegiance.The draenei's custom required them to pay their respects at spirit towers at various times during the day.  If you can help secure a tower during these times, you will help the spirits return to peace in Auchindoun.The Alliance will try to capture the towers in order to secure the dead's favor.   We must ensure that our side succeeds instead."
"Saving the Sporeloks : Ikeyen's been telling me stories about what happened to him down in those caves and I think it's just awful!You know, maybe we should do something to help out those poor sporeloks.  Ikeyen says that they live there in the Funggor Cavern, but that the marsh beasts have recently invaded.Why don't you go down there and see if you can clear some of those marsh beasts out?  It's just to the southwest."
"Drain Schematics : The schematics you've obtained show an underground system of drains and pumps that connect the lakes in the region to Serpent Lake.If the schematics are correct, there is a giant drain in the center of Serpent Lake.  Confirm this and bring the news to Cenarion Refuge."
""
"Now That We're Friends... : The naga of the Bloodscale Enclave to the northeast have begun to kill our people.  We cannot allow this to continue, <class>!We suggest that you teach them a lesson as proof of our friendship."
"Of Thistleheads and Eggs... : I'd have given up had I not noticed... He's a Thistlehead. I couldn't place it at first but the signs are all there...Now if we could get our hands on some bloodthistle, we'd be in business.In my travels, I met a shady Broken in Shattrath named Tobias.Tobias made a business of trading bloodthistle to blood elves for rotten arakkoa eggs.Directly west of here are arakkoa ruins. Search them for an egg and head to the lower city of Shattrath. That's where you'll find Tobias."
"The Netherwing Mines : Your help is required at the Netherwing Mines, overseer <name>.Two days ago our mining operations came to a grinding halt when we made a grim discovery. A miner was working in the depths of the mine and struck his pick upon an unusual crystal formation. Unfortunately, this crystal formation was attached to a very angry nether dragon. The beast woke from its slumber and annihilated all of our workers.Report to the Mistress of the Mines. They await you at the mouth of the mines, southwest of here."
"Special Delivery to Shattrath City : I am an ethereal of my word, <name>.  You have truly inspired me.I am now going to give you the ata'mal crystal to hand over to the naaru.  As it was your heroics that made this possible, I wish for you to deliver it.You may use my personal teleporter to go directly to Shattrath City.  Simply step through it and you will be transported there.Give the crystal to the naaru known as A'dal on the Terrace of Light.  May the trade winds be at your back."
"Planting the Banner : I want you to steal the Bladespire banner from one of their champions and take it south to Bloodmaul Outpost.  Plant it atop their Northmaul Tower.This will infuriate the Bloodmaul and they will attack you relentlessly.  But it will also keep their hatred focused on Bladespire Hold, and away from Sylvanaar.You will know you have accomplished the deed when you have defeated Gurn Grubnosh and taken his helm.  Return it to Sylvanaar.<name>, this isn't going to be easy.  Take a  friend or two with you."
"Dimensius the All-Devouring : Your brave actions have forced Ameer to react! He has deployed Captain Saeed and the Avengers!Now all that is left to do is destroy Dimensius.When you are ready, I will call for Saeed. If he is not currently fighting another battle, he will be awaiting orders from you - directly east of here.Let him know when you are ready to fight and he will put his troops in motion!I wish you luck, fleshling! We have hunted Dimensius for a thousand years!"
"Dragonmaw Race: The Ballad of Oldie McOld : Don't let the gray hair fool you, grunt. I'm still ten times the rider that you are! And don't go thinking that this old dog doesn't have any tricks up his sleeve.Now all you gotta do is follow me and try not to get knocked down off your mount. If you can do that, Oldie will admit defeat.We'll lift off as soon as you're ready."
"Smooth as Butter : Screed likes to say his flying is as ""smooth as butter."" I think ""butterfingered"" is more like it!Take a look at the wreckage over there. He calls it a ""rough"" landing.Sure, we got shot at, but I'd be willing to cut him a little more slack if he didn't brag about his piloting skills so often!I think I'm going to make him a batch of wings to drive the point home. To the east, in the Valley of Bones, you'll find bonestripper buzzards. Their wings are plump, juicy, and perfect for my needs."
"Arelion's Mistress : With all the important matters at hand Arelion still found time in his schedule to see a mistress!It's all becoming perfectly clear.  Viera Sunwhisper, that filthy wench... we'll show her to never cross a magistrix again.Take this scroll and find Viera.  Find a way to lure her away from town and use the scroll on her.Arelion mentioned she couldn't resist a particular wine harvested by the cenarion druids.  You might find some at Cenarion Refuge, just inside Zangarmarsh, west of here."
"The Crystals : When prepared correctly, the crystals of the mountains exhibit strange powers, such as the clarity of mind that we have found here in Ogri'la.All of the creatures atop the mountains covet the crystal shards and use them to further their own goals.  An economy has even sprung up around them.To assist us, you must first learn about the Apexis shards.  Bring me some.  In addition to the creatures here having them, they can sometimes be found where the flayers dig at the larger crystals."
"Guardian of the Monument : You've figured out how to use the single-person relics, but as you may have seen, there are bigger ones, which they surround.These larger apexis monuments function in much the same way, but they take many more apexis shards to activate and require four persons to operate.Of greater concern to us are the guardians that are summoned through their use.  These crystal constructs turned on their arakkoan masters long ago, and now endanger Ogri'la.We would ask that you destroy one and bring us proof."
"Fire At Will! : Now that the ammunition can affect the Burning Legion, it's time for you to use it.There are two warp-gates, which are used for teleportation and enhancement of the void terrors.  One is in the south and the other in the north, and each is within range of a fel cannon.Use the naturalized ammunition to take control of each fel cannon and destroy the warp-gates.Attack the gate with artillery to begin, and be prepared to kill its defenders to keep the cannon alive if necessary."
"Murkblood Invaders : The parchment holds a crudely painted map of Nagrand. There is a big red 'X' where Telaar would be on the map. It would seem that these savages are planning an attack on the city. Take the Murkblood invasion plans to Arechron in Telaar."
"Enemies, Old and New : Our ancient enemy, the draenei, have returned with powerful allies.  They wage war in Halaa, southwest of here.We cannot allow them a victory there as Garadar would be next without a doubt.Go and slay those who would aid our ancient enemy."
"The Cipher of Damnation - The Third Fragment Recovered : Take this box to my father. He still resides at Oronok's Farm, far to the north, above Coilskar Cistern. When all three fragments are pieced together, the ancient words will be known once more.Good luck, <name>. Tell my father that I will be home soon."
"Gauging the Resonant Frequency : Take these scanners to the Singing Ridge.  By dropping them in a pattern on the ground, you will create overlapping fields that will read the amplitude of the crystals.  Stand amidst them in such a way that you're in five oscillation fields and I'll have the information that I need!Your scanners will even work with those that others drop.Oh, and it's likely that a rift will be formed!  I have no idea what, if anything, will come out of it, but be prepared for the worst."
"The Dread Relic : Long ago a caravan went to Auchindoun with a mission to take a Dread Relic from the ancient tombs beneath the necropolis. They fled, but the relic was their undoing.  The relic is evil and it summons evil when touched.   Their caravan was destroyed somewhere to the east. This dark artifact is the key to a terrible plan to defeat Teribus the Cursed, a creature that flies over the Bone Wastes.  Help me if you wish, but your life and even your soul will be at risk."
"Karynaku : It shames me to ask for your assistance once more, <name>, but you are my flight's only hope. Without my mate, the netherwing brood may die out completely.Make your way to the top of Dragonmaw Fortress and find Karynaku.We will be flying overhead. Should a break appear in their defenses, the might of the netherwing will swoop down to assist you."
"Cho'war the Pillager : Have you ever seen an ogre king, <race>? Few have and lived to tell the tale. Unfortunately, that is exactly what we are dealing with here.The leader of these barbarians is an ogre named Cho'war. Rumor has it that Cho'war was the ogre responsible for forcing the gronn out of the cave. Cho'war then declared himself king and dissolved the ogre clans that served under the gronn. Thus, Warmaul was born.Find Cho'war deep in the caves of Warmaul Hill. Slay him and bring me his head."
"Zeth'Gor Must Burn! : It's time to strike Zeth'Gor from the air!  Our gryphon riders are ready for a sortie, <name>.  But they need someone on the ground to direct their fire.  Are you ready for a covert mission?Take these smoke beacons into Zeth'Gor, the Bleeding Hollow stronghold to the west.  They have four guard towers: one near their northern wall, one near their southern wall, one near their forge and another nestled in their foothills.  Place a beacon underneath each of the towers and we'll fly in and bomb them!"
"Show Them Gnome Mercy! : <The blood drains out of Toshley's face.>These orbs are made up of both nether energy and souls, some of them gnome souls!How dare they!  Were they the ones killing our people that traveled north?!<name>, you must put a stop to this, and the only way to do that is to finish off their leader, Nexus-Prince Razaan.You'll have to coax him out of hiding though.  I'm guessing that you can do that by killing a lot of his Razaani ethereal.Bring me the collection of souls that he no doubt has."
""
"Cruel's Intentions : Magister Bloodhawk finally deciphered the Legion missive you found earlier. It turned out to be attack plans sent by one of Highlord Kazzak's lieutenants - Arazzius the Cruel. Apparently, Arazzius commands the Legion ground forces in Hellfire. The time has come to terminate his command, <name>. Terminate with extreme prejudice. Head west to the Pools of Aggonar and put an end to this so-called 'Legion lord'. Today, the Horde reclaims Hellfire Peninsula. Let the Legion be damned."
"Illidari-Bane Shard : The shard appears to be a piece of a larger weapon. Sharp-looking runes etched into the metal glow with a menacing light.The weapon's intended purpose isn't clear to you, but it's hard to ignore. Most of the mo'arg at Legion Hold seem to be working with fragments of the same metal you hold in your hand. Perhaps one of the weaponsmiths at Shadowmoon Village might be able to tell you more about it."
"Dragonmaw Race: Wing Commander Mulverick : Three years of blood, sweat and tears. Mostly tears... The amount of crying that a hardened soldier does when it comes down to all-out war is amazing!""They're jumping into our tower with their horses!"" ""Why is their base so well defended?"" ""They're taking our relief hut, I'm going A.W.O.L.!""Wimps...I took the first train out of ""cry-town"" the minute the Dark Portal opened. Now I'm a top gun for the Dragonmaw. If you want to be top orc, you'll have to defeat me.We go when you are ready."
"Message to Garadar : <Lantresor points to an unmarked crate.>Take it. It is my offering to your people. You have single-handedly saved my clan from extermination.You may tell your leader that Lantresor of the Burning Blade and his Boulderfist ogres accept the offering of peace.<Lantresor bows.>"
"Building a Perimeter : We are prepared to try to construct a perimeter around the village using the energy source taken from the blood elves. I can't guarantee that it will work, but we have to attempt it.Otherwise, the mana creatures will surely continue devouring the spirits of the fallen Kirin Tor.Use this device at the small runes around the perimeter of town to release the energy there. If I've woven the field correctly, we should start noticing a difference once you've used the device at each point."
"The Journal of Val'zareq: Portends of War : This journal documents the recent activities of Illidan's armies. It also explains why Val'zareq was parading around the Path of Conquest. He was personally responsible for the capture of a high general of the Sha'tar.This general is being held at a post known as Crimson Watch, located at the southern end of the Path of Conquest. A mysterious faction, calling itself the Crimson Sigil, is charged with his incarceration. If you choose to investigate, it would be wise to bring allies."
"Meeting at the Blackwing Coven : I know what must be done!  <name>, you must pose as Overseer Nuaar and attend that meeting!The wyrmcultists at the coven all have a standard outfit that they wear, so go collect scraps from them, and when you have enough, put together a disguise.Pose as Overseer Nuuar and speak with Kolphis Darkscale to see what he has to say, and then return to Tree Warden Chawn.You'll find the coven by heading through the Wyrmskull Tunnel and following the path past the Raven's Wood and Grishnath to its end."
"The Hostage Soul : You might wonder why I go to such lengths to hide my intentions.  Why not throw my lot in openly with the naaru?My very essence - my soul - is held prisoner inside the Black Temple.  Illidan could destroy me any moment... until now!  This phylactery will allow me to regain control of my soul.The time has come, <name>.  I'll lead Maiev and my Deathsworn to Illidan's doorstep.Speak to A'dal and and tell him of our plan.  If we strike together we'll break through Illidan's defenses."
"Bring Me The Egg! : Now that you've been initiated, I want you to get me that egg! Use the Jump-a-tron and try to hit the nest dead center. But be careful! Bodily injury or serious permanent damage may occur from a bad jump."
"The Skettis Offensive : Skettis has waged war on us! Have you gathered enough to help with Shattrath's defense?Hold off the attackers!"
"Veil Skith: Darkstone of Terokk : Veil Skith lies to the northwest of the caravan and to the south of Shattrath in a secluded grove of the forest. It is rumored that the colony of Skettis has constructed a maligned altar of worship. This Darkstone of Terokk must be purified if the arakkoa of Skith are ever to be redeemed.Take this Rod of Purification and cast it upon the Darkstone. Blessed by A'dal, the rod's purity might be enough to bring clarity to the Darkstone. Go now and may the light shine upon thee."
"A Spirit Guide : Even our best tracking wolves' senses can fail them, <name>.  The spirits have a way of seeing the world differently than ours.  The being you will call forth will find the person you seek, for they'll be drawn not to their scent but their essence.Go now, <class>, take this totem with you and use it at the location you found the stone axe."
"Felsworn Gas Mask : I have a very special mission for you, <name>. I need you to infiltrate Forge Camp: Anger east of here. When you enter the camp you will need to wear the Felsworn gas mask and locate the Legion communicator. Once you have located the communication device speak with whomever is on the other side of the device.If all works out you can trick the demon into something devious! Try telling the demon that camp anger has revolted.Good luck to you <class>."
"Summoner Kanthin's Prize : The next thing we must do is reclaim my familiar, Glacius, from the blood elf summoner who holds it captive. Summoner Kanthin was one of the most senior magisters in the force Kael'thas sent to decimate Kirin'Var. It's only natural that he would claim my familiar as a kind of trophy.I'm certain that Kanthin, fool that he is, has tried to compel Glacius to serve him. My scrying has revealed that Kanthin is now stationed at 'Manaforge Duro,' if that terminology has any meaning for you."
"Patience and Understanding : Take the blueprints and travel to Shattrath City in the Terokkar forest. Once at Shattrath, go to the Lower City and look for a mo'arg by the name Sal'salabim. He'll probably be at the bar, drinking away his sorrows.By the way, you may need to convince him to lend his assistance. Try to approach him with patience and understanding. If that does not work, use your fists."
"Warchief's Command: Outland! : All able bodied members of the Horde are hereby ordered to report to Lieutenant General Orion at the Stair of Destiny.Your skills are needed to fight the Burning Legion's presence on the shattered remnants of Outland.Go to the portal room in Orgrimmar's front gate and talk to the Thrallmar Mage to travel to the Blasted Lands, then walk through the Dark Portal to arrive at the Stair of Destiny.Destiny calls!"
"Sunfury Signets : As you might know, the Scryers and the armies of Kael'thas are at war.  Kael sees us as a threat to his influence over other blood elves and has tried to crush us time and again.If you wish to aid us in our battle against Kael'thas, there are plenty of targets for you to go after.  Kael's highest ranking soldiers wear Sunfury signets to mark their ranks.  You will find them all over Netherstorm and Shadowmoon Valley."
"Battle of the Crimson Watch : They are probably searching for you on the Path of Conquest as we speak. You must make your escape, <race>!Leave me, I'm done for... They... I think I hear them coming. It's now or never! Get out! If you choose to stay, you will have to fight!If you fight and somehow manage to survive, take what you have learned here and deliver that knowledge to A'dal in Shattrath City."
"Torgos! : There's a creature in the Bone Wastes so fearsome that only the dauntless dare to stalk him.I speak of Torgos, king of the bonelashers, who circles over Veil Rhaze on the western edge of the wastes.Too bad that there's an arakkoan scarecrow there, known as Torgos's Bane, which keeps him at bay.  I'd bet if you laid his mate Trachela's carcass at the foot of that scarecrow he'd come down anyway.  She can be found at Carrion Hill in the northern wastes.Bring me one of Torgos's tail feathers."
"Assisting the Consortium : The naaru of Shattrath City have been trying to find a means to bring the Consortium over to their way of seeing things.Luck would have it that the business relationship between the ethereals and the blood elves of the Netherstorm has recently soured.There's a Consortium representative in town named Nether-Stalker Khay'ji who recently ran into trouble with a pack of renegade ethereals.  As a representative of the Scryers, I would like for you to help him in any way that you can."
"Burning Crusade: To Outland! : The Burning Legion - an uncountably vast army of demons - has assaulted Outland, the tattered homeworld of the draenei. Adventurers of the Alliance are needed to protect what remains of Outland from utter annihilation at the hands of this demonic invasion.Travel to the Blasted Lands, and pass through the Dark Portal."
"The Cipher of Damnation - Truth and History : <Oronok adjusts his posture and stands to his full height.>I had to be sure, <name>. And to be sure, I had to test you. Please excuse the little masquerade. I am as much a farmer as you are <female/male>. Which is to say, not at all.If you are to recover the Cipher of Damnation, you will need to listen to what I have to tell you. When you are ready, let me know and I will tell you the story."
"Forward Base: Reaver's Fall : Your battle prowess has been noted by high command, <class>. They want to send you to the front lines to meet up with Maimfist's crew. They're radicals, devoted to the complete extermination of the Burning Legion, so you may fit right in...Head east about 200 paces and veer south at the jutting mass of land. You'll see Reaver's Fall where an old farm used to stand. Once there, you are to report to Foward Commander To'arch.Now move out!"
"There Can Be Only One Response : There can be only one response to this... this, DEFILEMENT of the souls of our ancestors!<name>, if you would aid us to restore the souls of our honored dead to their rightful place, go back to Razaan's Landing.Go back up there and kill the razaani until their leader, Nexus-Prince Razaan shows his cowardly face.  Kill him and get those souls back, and then give them over to Spiritcaller Dohgar!"
"The Path of Conquest : Word has come from my wind riders, <name>. The Eclipsion blood elves are planning something big. They have begun forming their armies at the Path of Conquest, far to the southeast - adjacent to Eclipse Point.I want you to travel to the Path of Conquest and assess the situation. Once you have done so, use this flare gun to signal a wind rider. One will swoop down from the sky to meet you. Inform them of what you have discovered and they will give you your next set of orders."
""
"Maxnar Must Die! : They've left us no choice, <name>.  It's time to put an end to the threat from the Blackwing Coven by taking out their leader, Maxnar the Ashmaw.I don't know if you caught a glimpse of him while you were in there, but he's one of the dragonkin, half-man, half-dragon.  And he's tough, so don't underestimate him!Finish it quickly and with any luck you'll secure the safety of Evergrove and the Ruuan Weald."
"Beneath Thrallmar : I'm almost back in business.  Problem is all these gan'arg are in my mine.  I can't send my peons in and even once I fix this shredder I wouldn't want to risk it in combat. Deep down in the mine the gan'arg have a leader.  If you kill him maybe the gan'arg will leave.  Then I could make some money and buy my way out of here."
"A Not-So-Modest Proposal : From the look on your face, I can tell you're a <race> who appreciates a good profit.I've built a reputation as a dealer in exotic goods, and I'm about to launch a new venture.I need a reliable subcontractor to procure the goods from the Celestial Ridge.First, you'll need to re-energize a teleport pad. There is a spare power pack in Access Shaft Zeon, which is on the south side of Manaforge UItris. The Protectorate is operating in there, so you may be able to follow their tracers to your goal."
"I Was A Lot Of Things... : I've been a lot of things, stranger, but what I once was isn't what's important. What I am now is what matters and what I am now is a farmer.I use trained felboars to dig up tubers from the hardened earth of the Shattered Plains. Recently, though, flayers from a nest to the northeast have been attacking my animals, preventing me from gathering tubers.Would you go to the area north of here and gather tubers for me? Use this whistle while standing on a tuber mound and a boar will come dig one up!"
"WANTED: Durn the Hungerer : You have destroyed two of the biggest threats in Nagrand, <name>. Are you ready to take on the scourge of the Spirit Fields?Durn the Hungerer lords over the area surrounding Oshu'gun, decimating all in his path. Thus far, none have been able to rid Nagrand of this ferocious gronn. Gather your allies and venture to the Spirit Fields, west of here, and track down Durn. Slay him and I assure you rewards commensurate with the difficulty of the task at hand."
"Natural Remedies : It must be that the evil emanations from that giant crystal are summoning the mountain giants and driving them insane.It's too big to move, and beyond our ability to destroy, but I know a way to quell its power.I've summoned a circle at the northwest corner of the crystal on the ridge.  Take this seed to the circle and channel its powers to heal the land through the natural forces of rain, growth and insect repopulation.Beware, <name>, I sense an external force at play here... this is not natural!"
"Picking Up Some Power Converters : Those dumb ogres at the Bladespire Outpost to the north have been raiding our power converters!  And you're going to get them back for me, sort of.No doubt, with their big, clumsy hands, the ogres have damaged the converters.  So, what I want you to do is release the energy from them and then use this protovoltaic magneto collector on the resultant electromental to encase it.It'll likely be sore with you, so you'll need to 'kill' it while it's contained in the magneto sphere."
""
"I'm Saved! : I don't mind sharing.  I'm just glad to be saved from that creep, Gankly!  And I collected tons of skins from Zangarmarsh, so it's no problem at all!"
"Securing the Celestial Ridge : The nether dragons have the same ferocious temperament as their black dragon forbears, but there is something entirely alien about them. They hatch and mature rapidly, harnessing the strange energies that forged their kind in the destruction of Draenor.There is so much more I need to know about them, but I believe the powers may be of use to my own flight. If we can displace the leader of these drakes, Veraku, with a show of dominance, we can cow the rest of them into submission."
"A Thousand Worlds : I have cracked the code! Each tag is broken up into several segments. The front side of the tag is always the same and states: ""A Thousand Worlds..."" I am unsure as to the meaning of this phrase but it sounds insidious.On the back side of the tag are the vital statistics. The first set of runes indicates location and the second indicates prisoner type. Furthermore, it would seem that the keys can be combined to form a special key that accesses another prison type. Now I just need more keys..."
"A Mysterious Portent : Before he died, Udalo appears to have written a single word on the floor beneath him.  The writing is barely legible but you recognize the word Atam'al.Perhaps Akama will understand the meaning of his brethren's message."
"The Totem of Kar'dash : I would have been killed had you not come along, stranger. They have already murdered so many Kurenai in their search for a lost relic.What they seek is the totem of Kar'dash. Why they think that we would know anything about this totem, I cannot understand. Is a totem not an orcish implement by nature?This information must be taken back to Arechron. Perhaps he knows why Murkblood are kidnapping Kurenai and torturing them for information regarding an orcish device.Let's go before more come."
"Bring Down the Warbringer! : We've made a lot of progress against the Shadow Council here at the Deathforge, but now it's time to finish the job.I found a key among the items in Kagrosh's pack. At least he accomplished something before they got to him.The key should help you to track down this Warbringer Razuun you observed at Legion Hold.After you've hunted down and dealt with Warbringer Razuun, report directly to Blood Guard Gulmok. We must not keep him waiting."
"Adversarial Blood : The descendants held prisoner by the Skettis talonpriests are listed in this book: Gezzarak the Huntress, Karrog the crystal giant, the heretic known as Darkscreecher Akkarai and Vakkiz the Windrager.  They will all need to be slain before Terokk returns to this world.You will need the scrolls carried by the time-lost arakkoa to call them forth at the summoning circles in Skettis.  Bring me a token from each one.  These are powerful beings you will be facing; you would do well to bring friends."
"Dissension Amongst the Ranks... : Gnomus was kind enough to put this concoction together for the final strike. I merely pour it upon this tabard that you have provided for me and the item is imbued with the essence of the Illidari filth.Take the enchanted tabard and travel to the Eclipsion Fields, southwest of Eclipse Point. Once there, use the tabard to transform into an agent of Illidan. While in disguise, slay the crazed colossi that wander the field. They will think it an attack by the Eclipsion and sever all ties!"
"Rightful Repossession : Our business relations with the blood elves appear to be at an end.  A few weeks ago a large shipment of surveying equipment was delivered to them at Manaforge Duro.  They have refused to pay for it.<name>, I would ask that you pay the blood elves of Manaforge Duro to the east a visit.  They appear to be having some trouble with an infestation of mana creatures there, so take advantage of their preoccupation.I care not what happens to them, but I would very much like to see the return of our property."
"Delivering the Message : I'm sending one of my demolitionists out to place the disruption device. Just make sure no harm comes to him as he's placing the disruptor.Keep him protected! He will not fight back if enemies attack him as he is only a holographic image but the image can be destroyed!Return to me once the job is done."
"The Final Code : They're building a second mana bomb in the courtyard.  My intel suggests that the final code for the bomb is being held by Sharth Voldoun, the overseer of the project at Firewing Point.<name>, you have to go back in there and retrieve the final code from him.  He keeps himself to the top of the highest spire.Take the final code to the mana bomb that they're working on in the central courtyard and set it off.Only then will we be certain that Stonebreaker Hold is safe."
"The Demoniac Scryer : The Demoniac Scryer is now ready.  Take it behind Hellfire Citadel, to Hellfire Basin, and summon it upon the ground.  It will then begin to attune itself to Hellfire Citadel.  After its attunement, speak to the Scryer and transcribe what it tells you.  Bring that transcription to me...Go, <name>, but only when you are ready.  There is no doubt that Hellfire Citadel will detect the Scryer and send wardens to destroy it!"
"Oronok Torn-heart : I do not know how we can acquire the spell that the spirits mentioned, <name>. Truth be told, I don't even know where we would start such a search.<Torlok stares off in the distance, lost in thought.>Hrm... It is a long shot but it might be our only chance. There is an orc that I have seen visit this area before. I spoke to him briefly once. He is a hermit that claims to live above Coilskar Cistern to the northeast. Seek out this orc, Oronok Torn-heart.As I said, it is a long shot."
"I See Dead Draenei : I see dead draenei. They're all around us.Bah, nobody believes me because I'm a child. Not even my own mommy believes me.<Ha'lei points to Ramdor.>He believes me, though... He sees them too. Boy does he get angry about it!It's kind of funny. I see ghosts and people just smile and pat me on the head, trying to placate me. Ramdor sees ghosts and people label him as crazy. I sure hope I never grow up!You should probably talk to Ramdor before you go inside. He was once a death priest."
"Grim(oire) Business : There is one more gronn to be slain: Skulloc Soulgrinder.  He keeps himself hidden away, but there is a way to coax him forth.He was trained by an ogre warlock known as Vim'gol the Vile, whose grimoire you must retrieve!Vim'gol must be summoned by yourself, and four others, each standing within a different fire ring at his circle.  Find Vim'gol's Circle in the mountains, to the northeast, near the Broken Wilds.And, <name>, if you hear Vim'gol talk about growing bigger, get back to the fire rings!"
"Back to the Chief! : I'm certain that the rocket-chief is going to want to have a word or two with you!If I were you, I wouldn't hesitate to get back to Area 52 and speak with him!"
"Crackin' Some Skulls : <Sal'salabim laughs.>This Sal'salabim design.<Sal'salabim points to the architecture and formations on the blueprints.>Look at towers. Demon hunter no can see, yes? Poor, poor Altruis. He cry if he had eyes, yes?Yes, Sal'salabim help but first you help Sal'salabim.<Sal'salabim gives you a ledger.>These creatures owe Sal'salabim golds. Many golds. Go collect for Sal'salabim and come back. They no give you Sal'salabim gold easy. Have to fight, but you strong. You defeat Sal'salabim!"
"Helboar, the Other White Meat : Those eggs are superb, but what do you say we kick it up another notch?A side of bacon would round out the meal perfectly and I know just where to get it.This place is littered with helboars. Of course, there's no one here to inspect and tenderize the meat, but we're in luck!<Legassi rummages around in his pack and produces a flask.>This wasn't made for use on pork, but cooking is as much about improvisation as anything else!"
"The Eyes of Grillok : <name>, you have braved the lair of the Bleeding Hollow orcs, dreaded Zeth'Gor, and survived!  Perhaps you have the strength to aid me, for I aim to gaze into the mind of its darkest witch, Grillok!Take this shard.  Use it to ensorcel an Eye of Grillok and bind it to yourself.  Return here and approach my cauldron... and it will pull the eye from you.Go, <name>.  And use care -- An Eye of Grillok will betray you to our enemies if given the slightest opening!"
"Distraction at Manaforge B'naar : We were sent here by the Sha'tar to investigate the manaforges that Kael'thas' army is operating here.  Unfortunately, the Scryers threaten to renege on their information-gathering duties unless we support them with military action.We can't afford to compromise this mission over politics, so we've agreed to weaken the manaforge's defenses so that the Scryers can do their work.Prove your loyalty to the Aldor and slay the Sunfury magisters and bloodwarders that guard Manaforge B'naar."
"Escape from Coilskar Cistern : Thank the Earthmother! I parted ways with the others several days ago. I was intent on discovering the source of the disturbance that the spirits of water were feeling. My search led me to Coilskar where I discovered that the naga were befouling the water supply of Shadowmoon Valley.Unfortunately, I was discovered and taken prisoner. There's no telling what ghastly things they had in store for me.We must leave this place! Help me escape and then seek out Torlok at the Altar of Damnation."
"Gaining Mirren's Trust : So you want to gain our trust?  I don't trust many people these days.We lost one of our own not long ago to the arakkoa.  It's got me a bit on edge.Tell you what, if you can prove your loyalty to Honor Hold and... bring me a mug of Nethergarde Bitter... yes, that sounds rather good about now... I'll have a deal to offer you then.Bernie at Nethergarde Keep keeps the bitter in stock."
"On Spirit's Wings : If the Mok'Nathal are tormented by the Bloodmaul ogres, then I will stop them and their followers. Ogres are simple creatures, and there is little profit they could gain from harassing the Mok'Nathal.There must be something more to this. <name>, take Spirit, my hawk, and spy upon the conversations of the Bloodmaul's leaders. He may go undetected where we cannot."
"Tear of the Earthmother : The sword's enchantments must be contained within a powerful focus, such as a gem. I know of a gem that we can use for this purpose, for there are few that can play host to such powerful magics without shattering.The gem we need is called the tear of the earthmother. It's a powerful artifact in the hands of the ogres who created it, and Warbringer O'mrogg, who currently holds the gem, has many powerful allies in Hellfire Citadel's Shattered Halls. Take care in retrieving the tear, <name>."
"Stealing Back the Mushrooms : <class>, I've got an idea.   I want you to head north again, this time into the heart of ogre territory!Northwest of the Hewn Bog there is a place named Ango'rosh Stronghold, which sits on a floating island across a large mushroom bridge.The ogres must be storing the harvested mushrooms there.  I bet you'll find them all over the place, and probably on the ogres themselves, too!Bring me a sufficient number and I will try to do something about providing the bog lords with a new source of nourishment."
"From the Abyss : My warp rift generator is complete. You can now use it to summon a true prince of the void, a creature whose soul shard will tell us much of what lies beyond.  Go south in Void Ridge and use my warp rift generator near the void stones.  Look for a cluster of crystals near the edge of the abyss.  A huge warp rift will form and Void Baron Galaxis will surely appear.  Destroy this creature and bring me his soul shard."
"Fresh from the Mechanar : Working with the ingots you brought is going to require a lot of heat -- rather more than a conventional forge can supply.I'm going to need a supplemental heat source for the forge and there are very few things in Outland that can supply that kind of power.The Mechanar area of Tempest Keep turns out manacells containing an incredible amount of power. Find one of the overcharged manacells from the stacks around Mechano-Lord Capacitus and bring it back here."
"Colossal Menace : You see that huge red crystal to the north?  It fell from the sky not long ago, causing a massive earthquake.When we came out here to investigate the disturbance, we found all of these colossi wandering about that weren't previously here.There's definitely something strange about that crystal and the energies that it's emanating, but I don't have time for that.  Those mountain giants are my immediate concern.I want you to head up to Fallen Sky Ridge with some friends and deal with them."
"Whelps of the Wyrmcult : I need to examine the whelps that they are raising at the Blackwing Coven.There should be an abundance of them flying around inside their cavernous base, as well as a number of eggs, which if you get close to them will likely hatch.Please, <name>, take the net and capture a handful of them alive for me.Find them by heading west across the Wyrmskull Bridge and heading through the Wyrmskull Tunnel.  Follow the path to its end past Grishnath and the Raven's Wood."
"Stasis Chambers of Bash'ir : The Ethereum have a settlement on the northernmost shelf of Blade's Edge Mountains known as Bash'ir's Landing. According to the key tablet, much larger versions of the prisons are kept at Bash'ir's. It should also be noted that the Ethereum refer to those prisons as stasis chambers.The key tablet grants access to a very specific stasis chamber at the landing known as Stasis Chamber Alpha. Take the key and investigate.My image will be awaiting your return at Bash'ir's Landing. Speak to me there."
"Thwart the Dark Conclave : The spirits of the dark conclave seek to summon an ancient and powerful evil through a ritual conducted at the lava pits to the south of the Sketh'lon Base Camp.Gul'dan's magic mingled with their own, empowering them to aid this creature in manifesting in our world! We must not allow this to happen, <name>. The death and destruction it would bring are unimaginable!Carry the staff with you to the site of the summoning and use its magics to stop the dark conclave once and for all!"
"Rather Be Fishin' : Speaking of lakes, there's a lake with real good fishin' up to the northeast. I used to go up there with my friends, but my mom won't let me go anymore.She says it's too dangerous, but I haven't seen anything up there but a few little spiders. Like spiders can do anything to you...My favorites were always the eels that live up there. If you're going to be up by the lake, would you think about bringing back some of the eels? They're feisty but once you subdue 'em, you can bring 'em back no problem."
"The Seer's Relic : The stubborn close their mind and convince themselves of one truth.  The wise keep an open mind to the different possibilities leading to and stemming from the present.Take this relic with you to where you found Sedai.  See not with your eyes, <name>, but with your mind."
"Illidan's Pupil : You've proven your allegiance, <name>.  You must forgive my caution, but in this world things are not what they appear.I will tell you about Varedis when you're ready."
"Digging for Prayer Beads : Anchorite Barada plans to exorcise the corruption from Colonel Jules, and will require an assistant for the task.  Such an assistant must be prepared...I am ashamed to admit that my prayer beads were lost in Honor Hold's courtyard.  I believe the dog Fei Fei stole them and buried them, but I do not know where.  If you speak with his master, Warrant Officer Tracy Proudwell, perhaps she will know where Fei Fei hides his stolen treasures."
"Message to Telaar : <Lantresor points to an unmarked crate.>Take it. It is my offering to your people. You have single-handedly saved my clan from extermination.You may tell your leader that Lantresor of the Burning Blade and his Boulderfist ogres accept the offering of peace.<Lantresor bows.>"
"The Cipher of Damnation - The Second Fragment Recovered : I thank you, hero. For without you, my spirit would forever remain in this cursed place.<Ar'tor hands you a spectral lockbox.>Take it and deliver it to my father at the farm, far to the northeast, above Coilskar Cistern... Inside are Lohn'goron and the second part of the cipher.He will be sad to hear news of my death. Promise me that you will assure him that I died a free soul. Tell him that I see the hunting grounds and they are glorious. Tell him that I wait for him there..."
"The Cipher of Damnation - The First Fragment Recovered : <Grom'tor wraps the documents up and places them in a lockbox.>Take this box to father. He awaits your return at the farm, northeast of here.Tell him that I will be home soon. As soon as I am done having my fun..."
"Arelion's Secret : Arelion's journal does not deal with any sort of scholarly studies.  It details his escapades with a young female blood elf!  How could I've been such a fool?Unfortunately, the floozy's identity is not revealed in this journal.  Aledis, a colleague of Arelion's, was his best friend and confidant.  Go question him and find out who he was having this affair with.I saw Aledis leave Falcon Watch for Zangarmarsh.  Follow the road headed north from town; it'll eventually lead west, toward Zangarmarsh."
"Bombing Run : You have a flying mount... so what!  You think you have what it takes to use it properly?Forge Camp: Wrath and Forge Camp: Terror, to the north and south, are a major pain in my backside, as well as being a threat to peaceful Ogri'la.  With all of those fel cannons shooting down the Skyguard left and right, we can't get through there to take care of business.You want to prove yourself?  Take these bombs and knock out their ammo stacks.  Just don't let them shoot you down, too!"
"The Umbrafen Tribe : The naga are terrible, yes.  But even more terrible are the traitor tribes of Broken and Lost Ones that helped them!The worst of all are the Lost Ones of the Umbrafen tribe; they use dark magic to trap and enslave others. They're especially cruel to escaped slaves and would slit my throat if I left the refuge even for a day.Travel to Umbrafen Village south of here and kill them and their leader, Kataru.  Until then I will fear for my life every single day."
"The Ashtongue Corruptors : According to Akama's letter, four fragments of the medallion were unearthed and given to the Ashtongue Corruptors.  These dreaded Broken were once powerful shaman who now defile the very elements they revered.Haalum, Corruptor of Air, can be found at Netherwing Pass.  Eykenen and Uylaru, Corruptors of Earth and Fire, were last seen at the Fel Pits near the Hand of Gul'dan.  Lakaan, Corruptor of Water, is rumored to be near Coilskar Point.Find them and obtain the medallion fragments."
"Gava'xi : The presence of rogue ethereals in this area might amuse Gezhe, who sees nothing but opportunity wherever we go, but it's a true threat to the security of our operations.Their leader, Gava'xi, is a dangerous criminal and I've made it my top priority to see to it that he is neutralized.If you're looking to make yourself useful, go and take care of Gava'xi.  I will see to it that you're rewarded properly."
"For the Fallen : When the dreadfang widows attacked our outpost we heard the voice of the naaru calling us to battle.  We pursued the creatures into the night.  Some of our people we found dead in the dark, others we could hear struggling against their captors. By morning we had come to this place and we fought a fierce battle but we were beaten.  Dreadfang poison will soon take my companions and I cannot last long.  Before I die I must know that the dreadfang widows were beaten."
"Threat from Above : So you want to join the Skyguard?  Well, I know you can fly... but can you fight?The Skyguard is sworn to protect Shattrath from the dangers that loom above us, both near and far.  The Gordunni ogres who dwell in the Barrier Hills to the north are an immediate threat to us.Reaching the ogres has been problematic for Shattrath's ground units.  That's where we come in.  See what you can do to help contain them."
"A Heap of Ethereals : There is something else that I want your help with.A group of ethereals, known as the Zaxxis, have cut their relationship with the Consortium and gone into business for themselves.  They've even cut deals with the Sunfury blood elves.  This will not be tolerated!I infiltrated their group at the Heap to the south.  But after I took out their leader, I had to escape here to Area 52.<class>, go down there and bring back their insignias.  Of course, not all wear them because they're cowards."
"Outland Sucks! : I can't believe I left Booty Bay to come to Outland.  My cousin Screed Luckheed promised me I would make a fortune, but instead he flew off in his zeppelin and left me here to try to scrape a living out of this mine.  How am I suppose to make a living here with helboars and demons and fel orcs attacking all the time?  My shredder here was broken yesterday and the parts I need to fix it were stolen by fel orcs.  They took the parts into the fissure to the southwest and may have dropped them there."
"The Bundle of Bloodthistle : I wasn't lying. That egg was incredible. Where did you get it from?Well, if you ever need more bloodthistle, you know where I am and what I need.Here's a bundle of the stuff. Take it back to your benefactor."
"Consortium Crystal Collection : Our leader, Nexus-Prince Haramad, has tasked me with the acquisition of a crystal artifact from the Arklon Ruins to the southeast.They're old draenei ruins.  Unfortunately for both myself and the goblins here, the Burning Legion has decided to move in to perform their own excavation.If you're willing to help me, go to the ruins and take the crystal artifact from the dreadlord named Pentatharon."
""
"Speak with the Ogre : <V'eru's voice fills your mind with crystalline tone and clarity.>There is an ogre down in the Lower City, pleading for the assistance of passersby.  They have all turned a deaf ear upon his plight.Do you think you might aid him?His name is Grok, and he is sitting near the merchants to the southeast.Thank you, <name>."
"Blood for Blood : When Kael's forces retreated through that portal, his most loyal lackeys were rewarded with an abominable gift.  They  stayed behind and gorged themselves on the blood of demons for days.The blood has changed them, given them new powers.  It will also prove their undoing.Obtain blood samples from other demons.  Use them to power this fel siphon and deprive these arrogant fools of their new powers.  Slay them in their weakened state and return to me."
"Declawing Doomclaw : You know what might just discourage them?  Take out their leader!It seems to work everywhere else from what I've heard.  And when they see a <grizzled/tough> <class>, such as yourself take out their leader... why, I bet they'll tuck tail and run for the hills!Get back in there and take out the big one they call Doomclaw.  I hear he keeps himself in the eastern part of the Scrap Field underneath the pipe.Bring me his claw, too!  Maybe we can make use of it."
"The Cipher of Damnation - Grom'tor's Charge : This naga filth is the sixth one I've interrogated today. He's got the fancy armor so I figured he knew something. Those other ones were useless.<Grom'tor points to the corpses of the naga around him.>I only had to beat him once and he told me everything.The first part of the cipher is hidden in a naga chest at Coilskar Point or Coilskar Cistern, east of here. He says naga carry the keys. Kill 'em, take their keys and use them to open the Coilskar chests. Return to me when you find the cipher."
"Assault on Bash'ir Landing! : Heya, <boyo/girly>!  Up fer some fun are ye?Every couple o' hours, me aether-techs launch an assault on Bash'ir Landing, far ta the northeast in the Blade's Edge Mountains.  They say that they're there 'studying' the Bash'ir crystalforge, but it's an assault; there be no two ways about it.  We use the crystalforge to resupply, and there's always extra to be sold.Go on down ta the landin' pad and speak with the aether-tech apprentice.  He'll tell ye when the next mission is ta launch."
"Infiltrating Dragonmaw Fortress : I require time so that I may devise a plan to save my children and mate. You will buy me this time, mortal.Venture into Dragonmaw Fortress, located on the eastern edge of the Netherwing Fields, and lay waste to all Dragonmaw orcs that you find. The ensuing chaos and confusion should have a considerable impact on their plans.Be warned, some of my kin are too far gone - their minds corrupted by the Dragonmaw. For them, the only resolution is death. You have my permission to end their lives as well."
"Sabotage the Warp-Gate! : With the Burning Legion nearby at the fel reaver scrap field, we must do what we can to stop the flow of demons into the area.They have a warp-gate to the south in an area that they've cleverly named Invasion Point: Destroyer.I need you to go with me to the site and keep me safe while I sabotage it.Afterward, go to the Midrealm Post to the north inside Eco-Dome Midrealm and apprise Gahruj of our success.We're going to need a friend or two of yours along to help with this."
"Arconus the Insatiable : Araxes and I were deployed to Ultris 2 days ago. Our mission: Find and terminate the void lord Arconus. We tracked him to this mine and discovered that he'd been feeding off the energies of the creatures in the area.A fire-fight broke out which resulted in Araxes and I separating. Now I'm stuck here, badly injured. The mission is in shambles!If you can take out Arconus, high command would be grateful. Should you accept this mission, I will assist by providing a reflection of myself as a guardian."
"Strained Supplies : More and more refugees come through the gates of Shattrath City each day.  Some have sustained such injuries, it's a real wonder they made it here.I can deal with most of the conventional injuries; my training as an Aldor healer has prepared me for that.  Poison wounds are more problematic as my anti-venom supplies have begun to run low.Bring me venom sacs from the local dreadfang spiders so I can produce more antidotes.  You'll find a pocket of the spiders in the southeastern region of Terokkar."
"Request for Assistance : While you were at the Arklon Ruins, I received a request for assistance from one of our representatives out in the field.  It would appear that the Consortium is having some 'difficulties' in trying to recover property from the blood elves, which they refuse to pay for.Please head east out of Area 52 and cross the bridge to the next island over.  You'll find my associate, Gahruj, at the Midrealm Post, just inside of Eco-Dome Midrealm."
"On Nethery Wings : Here it is, <name>. Take this phase disruptor and mount up! The Protecotrate nether drake will fly you close enough to Ultris so that you can drop the disruptor on top of the void conduit.Drop as many disruptor charges as possible to ensure complete annihilation!When you are ready, speak with the nether drake and he'll take you up.If you miss the mark you will have to get more bombs from me before you can go up again."
"Triangulation Point One : There is another reason for the retrieval of the surveying equipment.  There is a crystal from draenei legend of great importance to me.It is said that the crystal bestows god-like powers to its bearer!  But it is in danger of being unearthed by others - namely the Burning Legion.<name>, take the equipment and use it to find the first triangulation point.  We know it to be somewhere to the east near Manaforge Ultris.Afterward, check-in with my agent, Dealer Hazzin, on the Manaforge Ultris island."
""
"Bladespire Kegger : As T'chali was saying, he helped out his Bloodmaul friends to make their brew.  But what T'chali did not say was why.The Bloodmaul are in dire straits.  The Bladespire clan be crushing them, and they needed a new weapon to help out with their fight.That's when T'chali came up with a great idea.  Why not make the perfect brew, one that strengthens you and weakens your enemy?  Only thing is, T'chali does not know if it works.So, you gonna take this brew up to Bladespire Hold and see if it works!"
"To Catch A Thistlehead : <Borak takes the bundle of bloodthistle from you and places it to his nose.>Pungent...Now, take this bundle and place it at the other end of this bridge. When the envoy makes his daily rounds, he will be compelled to pick it up - without his bodyguard. You see, blood elves look down upon bloodthistle addicts. If any of his compatriots ever found out...All you need to do is lie in wait for him to dismiss his bodyguard. When he is alone, make your strike! Kill him and take the missive."
"Into the Soulgrinder : The grimoire is the key to Skulloc's downfall.Read aloud from the book at Soulgrinder's Barrow to initiate the ritual.  An object known as the Soulgrinder will appear, as well as Skulloc's ghostly victims, who will try to destroy it.  You must keep them from doing so long enough to force Skulloc fully into the world.Find the barrow by heading north through the Daggermaw Canyon on the other side of the Circle of Blood.  It is on the right side before Gruul's Lair.Bring back Skulloc's soul."
"The Big Bone Worm : I was right! These carcasses you brought me belong to the baby bone worms. Do you know what that means? It means that somewhere out there is a big one! I think we can get it to come out if we can provide the right kind of food. Let's see... something big! Yes!I remember seeing clefthooves east of here on the other side of the Bone Wastes. Get out there and kill a clefthoof. Once it's dead, use the drums. Hopefully the big one will come up to feed. If you manage to kill it, bring me its organs!"
"Fires Over Skettis : You think you have what it takes to be part of the Skyguard?  We'll have to see how you handle yerself in the air.The arakkoa are breeding a gargantuan variety of their attack pets and are using it against our scouts.  I want you to take these blasting charges and use them to destroy hatcheries above the arakkoa's dwellings.  Avoid the monstrous kaliri guarding the hatcheries.  They'll knock you off your mount before you know what hit you."
"Diplomatic Measures : The huntress's agents send news of the Boulderfist leader: He is an orc! An ancient orc that passed through the Dark Portal in the time of our fathers and has since returned to his homeland. I wish for you to track down this orc and try to convince him to pull back the Boulderfist ogres. He resides on an upper platform in the Burning Blade Ruins to the east. Good luck, <name>!Be warned, he is a blademaster..."
"Nexus-King Salhadaar : I have in my possession another disruptor, one capable of destroying the three conduits that surround Salhadaar. Once the conduits are destroyed, Salhadaar's protective force fields will be down. For this act, he will strike at you with a ferocity you have never before witnessed, <name>.If you are willing to rid the world of Salhadaar, I will give you the disruptor."
"Dr. Boom! : <name>, my former protege, Sparky Uberthruster, wouldn't wear his helmet while down here and one day transformed into the infamous Dr. Boom!And he stole off to the northeast with most of our sapping equipment!  He and his Boom Bots have been a menace to Area 52 ever since.I need you to go to his Camp of Boom just outside of town and put an end to him!  Use these Boom's Doom bombs to take him out.And make sure not to get too close to him or his Boom Bots!"
"Commander Arcus : The Dragonmaw only dare attack us when our guard is down. They would face certain defeat if they were to attack us while we were prepared.I want you to let them come, <name>.<Ceyla nods.>Yes... a trap. Take this flare that their overlord gave you and deliver it to Commander Arcus. He is standing guard right outside this building."
"Return to the Marsh : Return to Ysiel and let her know that help will be extended to her as soon as it is possible.Affairs in Moonglade and Silithus have kept our members occupied, but we will do our best to send the necessary resources to the Cenarion Refuge."
""
"Letting Earthbinder Tavgren Know : <name>, I think that after you're done celebrating here, you should go back to the Cenarion Thicket and speak with Earthbinder Tavgren.I'm certain that he'll want to know what really happened out there."
"Overlord : The honorable Warp-Scryer has told me of your perils, <name> - and of the new foe you've discovered. If Kryv is to be believed, this 'Arazzius the Cruel' is as powerful and evil as any foe the Sons of Lothar have ever faced. Will you stand for us now, <name>? Will you face this Legionlord and deliver the Light's justice upon him? If so, you will find him at the Pools of Aggonar. If not, his evil will most certainly find you."
"Mog'dorg the Wizened : Mog'dorg the Wizened waits for you at top of da tower.  He tells me to look for a <race> <class> just like you.  You go speak with him about smart things.Go now, but don't tell no one.  It's a secret!"
"Enraged Spirits of Fire and Earth : We must try and make amends. We must commune with the elements of this region and see if anything can be done!I grant you the totem of spirits, <race>. If you slay an enraged elemental spirit in close proximity of the totem, it will consume the elemental's soul. You must use the totem to consume many souls before you may return to me.Do this for the spirits of fire and earth first. Return to me when the totem is full."
""
"Missing Mag'hari Procession : Greatmother says that we must press on and serve our people. She says that we must serve as an example for Garrosh - to show that life goes on.I have so many matters to attend to here, especially with Greatmother having taken ill. Would you honor the Mag'har by helping one of their matrons?Several days ago we sent a funeral procession to the Ancestral Grounds and they have yet to return. Will you go search for them? They took the western road out of Garadar. Follow it around and avoid Halaa."
"The Force of Neltharaku : Take this enchanted nethervine crystal and make your way back to Dragonmaw Fortress. Once there, seek out the enslaved drakes and invoke the magic of the nethervine crystal. My own energies will pour forth, causing the drakes to break free from the bond of their captors. When you see that the drake has broken free, help it defeat its captor! It will most assuredly be weak from the imprisonment.Release all that you can find and return to me, <name>."
"Oronu the Elder : According to the tablets, an artifact known as a Medallion of Karabor was kept at Baa'ri.  Only the highest-ranking draenei priests were granted these, as they allowed unfettered access into the Temple of Karabor.We must find out whether the Ashtongue have recovered the medallion that was kept at Baa'ri yet.  Its power would provide great aid in our fight against Illidan.Akama's lieutenant at Baa'ri, Oronu the Elder, receives written orders from him daily.  Obtain them and bring them to me."
"Report to Engineering : <name>!  I need you to take all of these etherlithium crystals over to Chief Engineer Trep, my, uh, chief of engineering.He should know what to do with them.  And if he doesn't, you see to it that he finds out!"
"What Illidan Wants, Illidan Gets... : Take this disguise and enter Eclipse Point. Once inside, use the disguise to cloak yourself. The Eclipsion blood elves will be unable to see through the disguise, thereby granting you safe passage to Grand Commander Ruusk.Once you find Ruusk, tell him where next to move the cipher. You're going to have to act your heart out, <name>. Play it off as if you are his superior, delivering a message from his lord. That should do it!Oh - watch out for the dragonhawks as they see through the disguise."
"The Sigil of Krasus : Before we departed Azeroth all those years ago, the Kirin Tor entrusted our expedition with a powerful artifact, the Sigil of Krasus. It was a great boon to us in our battle against the orcs and it could play a key role in helping me break the enchantment that imprisons me.However, when Kael'thas divested me of my possessions, he gave the sigil to Spellbinder Maryana, who remained behind with the garrison. If he truly realized what he had in his possession, he wouldn't have given it away so easily."
"Body of Evidence : Your rampage through Kil'sorrow Fortress has provided us with a special opportunity. We have enough bodies to make it appear as if a great battle has taken place.Travel to the Laughing Skull Ruins and find the Laughing Skull Courtyard. There should be a blazing pyre in the courtyard. Make sure the area is secure and then use this blanket to send up smoke signals. When my ogres see the smoke, they will sneak in and plant the bodies of slain Kil'sorrow soldiers.That should be the final straw!"
"When Spirits Speak : Oshu'gun - the diamond mountain - was once sacred to my people. It was there that the clans would gather every year to celebrate the springtime festival. It was there that our shaman communed with the honored ancestors. It was the center of our culture - until the shadows overtook us. When the clans became a horde, the spirits of Oshu'gun fell silent. The ancestors turned their backs on us.Yet something now draws them from their rest. Venture to Oshu'gun and discover what could trouble the spirits so."
"Pursuing Terrorclaw : I've caught every kind of fish that lives in the marsh, but there's one that eludes me. Sure, I've caught eels and mudfin frenzies. But the last time I was out on one of the islands in Marshlight Lake, I hooked a gigantic bogstrok that snapped my line and got away.Terrorclaw, he's called, and I won't rest until he's dead. He's too big for any fisherman to catch, so I suppose we'll just have to kill him the old-fashioned way."
"Corki's Gone Missing Again! : <Arechron sighs.>This is so embarrassing. Do you remember my boy, Corki? You rescued him from the Burning Blade Ruins recently. Well, his curiosity has gotten the best of him once more. He told me that he was going to investigate the Boulderfist menace for 'uncle' Mo'mor and ran off to the ogre mounds in the Halaani Basin, north of here.Do you think you could track him down? I would be eternally grateful."
"Veil Lithic: Preemptive Strike : In the wretched colony to the southwest known as Veil Lithic, Terokk's minions are attempting to befoul their avian brethren before they hatch. The dark sorcerers of Lithic encase eggs in a shadowy curse. When the hatchlings emerge, they mindlessly serve Terrok.Travel to Veil Lithic and prematurely break the eggs before the curse has time to seep in. Even if you are too late, you can put down the tainted ones.Remember, the Light shines brightest in the darkness."
"You're Fired! : Doomcryer did nothing to stop the revolt? How dare she! She has been trying to undermine my authority for some time. However, this time will be her last. You must summon her and deal with her personally.Her anger guards hold the keys that summon her to Forge Camp: Anger. Retrieve the five keys and activate the five Legion obelisks. The obelisks have a short duration, so make sure they are all activated at the same time. Remember, the anger guards carry more keys."
"Spirit Calling : The spirits of the nether drakes in the Singing Ridge are in need of liberation.The nether drakes were not always nether drakes.  They used to be black drakes.But then, with the destruction of this world, a wave of nether energy washed over everything and had the side-effect of changing the drakeling eggs.Now they are all twisted versions of their former selves.  We must help them to find peace.Do this by slaying a drake near to the spirit calling totem, and then take its spirit from it."
"Neltharaku's Tale : I have information that you may find useful. Please listen to what I have to tell you, <race>."
"Against the Legion : The Burning Legion has proven its capacity to corrupt mortal souls time and again.  If I'm to entrust you with the knowledge you seek, I must have proof of your allegiance.A demoness known as Sathal has eluded me for a long time as she's gifted with an incorporeal form.She watches over the wrath priestesses as they do her bidding at Forge Base: Gehenna.  Slay one of her minions and spill her blood on the ground.  This affront should cause Sathal to materialize temporarily.  Slay her while you can."
"Socrethar's Shadow : The infamous eredar, Socrethar, leads the Burning Legion in Netherstorm.  Mentioning his name is enough to make most draenei shudder.  He gives orders from an island in the northwest that only his most trusted lieutenants can access.To get there you will need to obtain a teleportation stone, which won't be an easy task.  The first half of the stone is in the possession of Forgemaster Morug at Forge Base: Oblivion.  The second half is held by Silroth at Forge Base: Gehenna."
"Marks of Kil'jaeden : As you probably know, <name>, the Aldor are keepers of the Light and servants of the naaru.Diametrically opposed to us are the agents of the Burning Legion - demons bent on the destruction of worlds and the corruption of the innocent.If you wish to prove yourself to the Aldor, bring me the insignias of low-ranking Legion and their Shadow Council followers.  We know of a Shadow Council hideout in the Bone Wastes and there are many Legion outposts in Nagrand and the Blade's Edge Mountains."
"Enraged Spirits of Air : Venture southeast, hero. When you see fields of gigantic blue crystals jutting out from the land, you will have reached your destination. It is there, at the Netherwing Fields, that you will find the enraged spirits of air. They roam the cliffs and mountain bases that surround the fields.Destroy their tortured forms and capture their souls with the totem of spirits. Return to me when this is done."
"Rise, Overseer! : Rare it is that a peon survives for as long as you have. Rarer still is when a peon rises from the dregs to attain a new rank.<Varkule claps.>The Overlord has called for you, grunt. A new rank awaits, no doubt."
"Karabor Training Grounds : Our scouts have reported a massive influx of Sunfury blood elf recruits heading to the Ruins of Karabor.  Normally this would represent a purely military threat, however we believe something else is amiss.Descriptions of their attire and fighting style are suspiciously close to that of Illidan himself.  I do not want to become alarmed without good reason, so I would like you to go there and bring me back their weapons.  We will then determine whether my fears are unfounded or not."
"A Necessary Distraction : The weapons are authentic, as we feared.  Illidan is training demon hunters at the Ruins of Karabor and we must put an end to it.Do not be fooled by their name, <name>, their power will be used against us as often as against any demon.Their warlocks summon and subdue demons to be used as part of the initiates' training.  A pit lord named Azaloth has proven too strong to be used in training and is kept banished.  Find a way to let him loose on his captors.  That should buy us the time we need."
"The Impotent Leader : I have escaped certain death, surviving a cowardly nighttime attack by Boulderfist ogres upon my village.But I ask you, stranger: For what?<Jorin points to Garrosh.>He has refused to give us assistance. Ogres are rampaging through my town and he sits here, weeping into a fire. What has become of us? What will become of us?I've sent a scout, Kilrath, to the village, now the Bleeding Hollow Ruins. Will you find him and give him your assistance? He hides on the border of Nagrand and Terokkar."
"Commander Hobb : The Dragonmaw only dare attack us when our guard is down. They would face certain defeat if they were to attack us while we were prepared.I want you to let them come, <name>.<Thelis nods.>Yes... a trap. Take this flare that their overlord gave you and deliver it to Commander Hobb. He is standing guard right outside this building."
"The Shadow Tomb : Many believe it was the Shadow Council that caused the explosion that tore Auchindoun apart.  It is rumored they awoke a great evil inside.If that is true, then that evil must have turned against them.  According to these orders, part of the Shadow Council is fleeing Auchindoun.  They are using the Shadow Tomb to store powerful artifacts from Auchindoun.Three of these are sacred, for they belonged to the powerful patriarchs Arunen, K'alen and Atalor.  I must ask you to retrieve them."
"Do My Eyes Deceive Me : Do my eyes deceive me or is there an ogre hunting party over yonder? What could ogres be doing this far from their mound? I don't like this one bit, stranger. First Murkbloods and now ogres. We just don't have the manpower to handle all of these threats to our land.Could you investigate the ogre presence to the east for us? Their forward camp is about 200 paces east of here. You'll know you're at the right place if you see the Boulderfist hunters. Kill them to find the plans!"
"Assist Exarch Orelis : Not long ago, High Priestess Ishanah sent a small group of anchorites to Netherstorm, under the command of Exarch Orelis. They were to investigate the activities of Kael'thas and his minions, but we haven't received any reports of their findings yet.I worry that our presence in the area might not be strong enough to carry out the mission. I'm certain that the exarch could benefit from your knowledge and experience. Are you willing to travel to Area 52 and assist him?"
"Void Ridge : We have to improve my warp rift generator.  You must take it to Void Ridge.  Head east of here.  You must avoid the foul fort of Zeth'Gor.  To the east beyond Zeth'Gor is a small pass through the mountains.  Through this pass you will find Void Ridge, a terrible place on the edge of the abyss.You must kill the walkers that you find there, and bring me shards of their souls.  With their power we will improve upon the warp rift generator and open a portal to the beyond that cannot be closed."
"What Strange Creatures... : I am interested in learning more about the strange reptiles that mill about the lava flows of Shadowmoon Valley. Never have I seen beasts able to withstand the searing heat of molten lava!Outside of Shadowmoon Village, where the ground has ruptured and lava flows through the cracks, you will find felfire diemetradons. Slay them and bring me their spleens. From their spleens I will be able to begin preliminary analysis of their resistance to heat.Begin your search to the southeast."
"Who Are They? : I don't know who they are, but I know they're hostile!I'm going to give you a disguise, and I want you to go in there and speak with three of them that I've observed as being 'chatty'. Talk with the initiate, the laborer, and the advisor.Just watch out; there're a few hunters in there who'll be able to see through your disguise and they look tough! And whatever you do, don't leave the village -- the disguise is kind of flimsy. If you lose your disguise, come back to me and I'll give you another."
"Ezekiel : I believe that the dead, which we have been caring for these last 500 odd years, should be left alone. Maladaar has other plans. He has retreated to the Crypt of Remembrance to start his experiments... Necromancy.I hope you weren't thinking about going in there... Not before helping me out so that these damned spirits will finally leave me alone. I know where they keep their treasures, <race>. Got your attention, eh?Bring me the book of the dead, held by the Aldor, Ezekiel of Shattrath."
"The Foot of the Citadel : Force Commander Gorax is training Shattered Hand captains at the base of Hellfire Citadel, honing them to a bloody razor's edge.  You must kill him, <name>, for his loss would be a mighty blow to the fel orcs.However, that is not all you must do.Take this banner.  Place it atop Gorax's corpse.  Gorax's commander, the Hand of Kargath, must answer your challenge if he has even a drop of true orc blood within him!His head, the head of the hand of Kargath, is what I seek."
"Mok'Nathal Treats : Hungry, <race>?  The Great Spirit helps those that help themselves.  If you want to earn a meal, I suggest that you listen up, because Braagor there isn't going to give you anything for free, nor as tasty!The raptors and scalewings of Razor Ridge and the Scalewing Shelf have everything that's needed for two of the most delicious dishes you'll ever taste.  Bring me their raptor ribs and serpent flesh, and I'll make some of each for you.I may even teach you how to cook them up for yourself, if you hurry."
"The Ultimate Bloodsport : The queen of all that dwell in Nagrand is known as Tusker.  She's a giant elekk the likes of which you won't see anywhere else!You're right to be fearful of that name.  Bach'lor, Gutripper, and Banthar are nothing when compared to her.  It is said that she can be found on a huge bluff far to the southwest overlooking Oshu'gun.  Bring me her massive heart if you dare.Do you want to leave a letter with me so that I can have it delivered to your next of kin in the likely event that you don't return?"
"The Archmage's Staff : Allow me to introduce myself, <class>.I am Ravandwyr, apprentice to the Archmage Vargoth.My master is... indisposed, shall we say. I am here on a matter of great importance.The Arklon Ruins southeast of the city are a hotbed of Burning Legion activity. Their purpose in the ruins concerns neither me nor my master, but their leader, Ekkorash, possesses the archmage's staff.This conjuring powder will allow you to draw the demon out of hiding. Sprinkle it on the brazier at the center of the ruins."
"Banish the Demons : You've arrived at the perfect time, friend!  We are in need of assistance.  In return, you will receive something very rare, which will help us both in the end.We're not a violent ogre any longer, but the demons nearby threaten to overrun us and the Skyguard.  The problem with demons is that, once killed, they come right back in new bodies!But, if you use this crystal to summon a banishing portal, when they die near it, their essences will be drawn in and banished back from whence they came!"
"Imbuing the Headpiece : The staff is nearly finished!All that remains is to imbue the headpiece with power flowing from the echoes of Gul'dan in this accursed place. To the east, near the Fel Pits and south of the Deathforge, is the Altar of Damnation.There, fragments of Gul'dan's past are trapped. When you carry the unfinished headpiece of the staff into the area around the altar, don't be surprised if some of the entities react to it. You will be carrying a dangerous object with strong connections to the cataclysm."
"Welcoming the Wolf Spirit : I've nearly completed the vestments that I'll wear during the ceremony. As I add the finishing touches, I'd like you to set this incense by the candles near the runestone to my left.I believe it will help us to attract the wolf spirit's attention, since it was made in the days of the orcish clans. I can almost imagine my ancestors using it in a ceremony paying tribute to the wolf spirit after a successful hunt.Once you've placed the incense, I'll begin the ceremony."
"Lohn'goron, Bow of the Torn-heart : It is a sign, <name>. Even in death, I cannot be stopped. Recovering a part of the Cipher of Damnation is my destiny. With your help, that destiny will be fulfilled.Before we embark on that journey, I must have my longbow, Lohn'goron. It is a family heirloom that has been handed down from Torn-heart to Torn-heart for generations.My instinct tells me that a demon stole it from my corpse. Kill the demons here until you find my bow."
""
"Return to the Abyssal Shelf : <name>, are you ready for another sortie over the Abyssal Shelf?  I fear that, if we do not maintain pressure on the Legion forces there and allow them to strengthen their hold, then we may suffer a large demon attack from the north.What say you, <class>?  Do you want to take another windrider and hammer the Abyssal Shelf one more time?"
"Mission: The Abyssal Shelf : Now that you've got your wings, perhaps you'd be interested in running another bombing mission?This time we've isolated the Legion's main production area, behind the forge camps to the north. I need you to get on a gryphon and destroy the whole damned thing!Here are your bombs - now, talk to Gryphoneer Windbellow when you're ready for takeoff."
"Information Gathering : I've prepared a uniform with the pieces you obtained.  It is magically enhanced to complete the illusion.We spotted Commander Dawnforge going in to meet Arcanist Ardonis a few minutes ago.  He had a full retinue of guards with him, so whatever they're discussing is bound to be incredibly important; see if you can catch any of it.Oh, I almost forgot.  You'll want to stay away from the arcane golems patrolling the manaforge.  They will see right through the illusion."
"Matters of Security : Gezhe chose to base our operations as close to Oshu'gun as possible, without any regard for the safety of our crew.  Why?  Because he projected a ten percent increase in productivity by setting up shop here instead of in the mountains to the south.Never mind the crazed voidspawn wandering all of ten feet away from us.  That would be the security officer's problem, not Gezhe's.Kill some voidspawn for me and I'll pay you a tenth of our security budget.  Don't get excited, it's not much of a budget."
"Against All Odds : Some demons pledge allegiance to no one but themselves.  A true enemy of demons finds and destroys his prey regardless of affiliation, however.The demon Xeleth - a Legion defector - was once worshipped as a god by primitive swamp creatures in Zangarmarsh.  When Draenor was nearly destroyed, he retreated into a slumber deep beneath Marshlight Lake.  Find the portal at the lake and plant this spear into the ground.Xeleth will awake - be ready to slay him and prove you're an enemy to all demons."
"It's Watching You! : Quick, hide!  The eyes of Naphthal'ar are upon you... upon us all!I dare not go to the top of the tower to speak with it, but you... you look as if you might know the right words to say.  Just be careful, it doesn't like jokes and will not suffer fools easily.If you can, convince it to come down for tea.  But, by all means, get it to stop staring at me!"
""
"Evil Draws Near : Now you must use the Dread Relic in a foul necromantic ritual if you wish to challenge Teribus the Cursed.  To the northeast, beyond Auchindoun, is the Writhing Mound, a place where necromancers gather.  The auchenai death-speakers and doomsayers carry doom skulls that are laced with powerful necro-enchantments.  If you collect enough skulls you can use their power along with the power of the Dread Relic to command Teribus to face you."
"Ill Omens : <name>, in our battles with the Bleeding Hollow clan of fel orcs, we have found upon them foreboding trinkets.  These orcs have collected the insignias of fallen Honor Hold soldiers and created cursed talismans from them.  We fear the dark magic of the Bleeding Hollow orcs have transformed our insignias into evil charms with powers against us!Find such a talisman from the Bleeding Hollow orcs of Zeth'Gor, to the east, and bring it to Corporal Ironridge at Expedition Point, northeast of Zeth'Gor."
"Shizz Work : I finally got my shredder working but I seem to have lost the keys.  I keep a pack of felhounds to protect my camp.  They don't do a very good job and they like to bite me a lot.  They also like shiny things.  I think this one felhound I have may have eaten my shredder keys.  I'll pay you if you'll take my felhound on a walk.  Kill some helboars and let him eat.  He'll do his business.  When he's done, see if you can't find the keys in his ""leavings."""
"Slay the Brood Mother : My hunters have just returned from a scouting mission to the Singing Ridge.  It seems that the nether drakes, which infest the crystals there, have increased greatly in number, and threaten to spill out into our laps.Since you have proven yourself a competent slayer, let us see if your <class> skills are the match of an adult drake.Find the Singing Ridge by heading south through the Scalewing Shelf.  Enter and slay their brood mother, Dreadwing."
"Clefthoof Mastery : You want to earn a place in this safari?  You'll have to prove yourself.I don't care what you've hunted before, you haven't hunted until you hunt what we hunt here.  Start with the clefthoof if you're <man/tough> enough.I know that I've seen them in the immediate area around the safari and also close by to the south."
"Breaching the Path : We're going to need more time, <race>. I'm going to fly further ahead with some of the other wind riders. Hopefully, we can gather some more information. What I need from you now is to clear a path and more importantly, keep their arrows pointed away from us!Call for a wind rider with the Kor'kron flare gun once you have thinned their numbers."
"Escape from Umbrafen : You must help me get out of here!I was gathering herbs nearby when a handful of these little savages abducted me.  I tried to fight them off, but there were too many of them.Help me return to the Cenarion Refuge and away from these cruel wretches and their vile magic!"
""
"Success! : For many years, Boulderfist ruled all ogres in the Outland. The ogres were united under Krol and content with the lands that they were given. In the past few months, we have lost many ogres to a new clan known as Warmaul. Warmaul has taken most of our land in Nagrand and killed many of our people.We had no choice but to take this town. We are being exterminated...Krol has gone missing and Boulderfist is in turmoil. Lantresor of the Blade rules in his absence."
"A Secret Revealed : As my energies bled away over the centuries, a void slowly grew in my place - devouring the souls of those nearby. Helplessly, I watched as generations of orc souls were drawn into the vortex. Recently, my enemies harnessed the vortex and used it to draw countless void minions into their Burning Legion.Now, the key to ending this cycle and freeing the orc spirits lies with another naaru - A'dal. I have sensed his essence within the ancient city of Shattrath in the Terokkar Forest."
"As the Crow Flies : We must determine how widespread the naga's activity truly is and react accordingly.Exploring each body of water in Zangarmarsh could be a lengthy undertaking.  If you allow me to, I will use my magic to mold your shape to one more suited to scouting the marsh.Hold this amulet above the balcony near me when you're ready to begin.  I will guide your way back to safety after we're done."
"A Burden of Souls : I have a device, the Demoniac Scryer, that can analyze fel magic.  I would have you use the Scryer, but first... you must appease it.  The Scryer, you see, has trapped within it a creature of vast intelligence and its needs are, shall we say, quite eccentric.To appease the Scryer, you must kill orcs.  Specifically, they must be Shattered Hand orcs -- the Scryer demands their souls.Return to me when the souls are reaped.  You will find the orcs north, and south, and surrounding... Hellfire Citadel."
"The Warden's Cage : The fragments you obtained are only half of the medallion.  The Ashtongue leader, Akama, must have kept the other half.I dread to ask this of you, as Akama is both evil and cunning.He and the Ashtongue Deathsworn - the vilest and most brutal of the tribe - are rumored to run a torture chamber inside the Warden's Cage.I want you to find that dreaded prison,  and find the whereabouts of Akama.  His second in command at the location is a Broken known as Sanoru - interrogate him if you have to."
"The Heart of Darkness : It is just as I feared. Arix'Amal - the demon you killed earlier, was working for a secret Legionlord - Arazzius the Cruel. It appears this new villain has amassed a force of hellish terrorfiends near the Pools of Aggonar. You must journey there and slay the terrorfiends before they strike against us. But be wary, friend - the Pools of Aggonar lie within a tortured, poisonous valley. You can find the cursed pools to the northwest of here, beyond Hellfire Citadel. Light be with you, <name>."
"Dragonmaw Race: Corlok the Vet : You are challenging ME? Don't make me laugh!You're serious? Very well then! All you need to do is not die. You can manage to not die, right?? Even if I'm hurling skulls at you and flying circles around your pathetic riding skills?Just let me know when you're ready and we'll lift off."
""
"By Any Means Necessary : I don't know what to make of all of this, but I do know how we can find more clues.Empoor is a Broken merchant that traffics in all sorts of goods and information.  If you were to persuade him to talk, I'm sure he might have something interesting to say.He travels the road here between Tuurem and Shattrath.  Watch out, though -- he travels with a bodyguard."
"Prisoner of the Bladespire : Shortly after my arrival in the mountains, I came under attack by a group of Bladespire ogres.Though I fought free of them, and slew many, they took my wyvern, Leokk, captive. Spirit has found him, locked in a cage in the heart of the Bladespire encampment outside of Gruul's lair.One of the ogres must carry his key. Find it and Spirit can use it to unlock Leokk's cage.You will find the encampment at the north end of the Daggermaw Canyon down below."
"Hero's Call: Outland! : By order of his royal highness, King Anduin Wrynn, all able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Commander Duron in Hellfire Peninsula.The expeditionary forces require your help to overcome the demonic armies of the Burning Legion! Talk to the Honor Hold Mage in the tall tower in the Mage District to travel to Blasted Lands, then walk through the Dark Portal to arrive at the Stair of Destiny.For the glory and honor of the Alliance!"
"Dragonmaw Race: Trope the Filth-Belcher : Dragonmaw treat you right, <name>. Even a worn out cursed being like me is given a chance. Now if you want to prove your worth to the Skybreakers, you will have to defeat me.I'm going to shake you off my tail like a bad case of fleas...We'll lift off when you are ready."
"Balance Must Be Preserved : I cannot begin to comprehend why the naga would drain the water out of their own habitat.  What I do understand is a need to put a stop to their operations.These seeds carry with them the rage of the earth.  Take them to the steam pumps operated by the naga and use them on their controls.The vines that grow from the seeds will be as thick as your arm and as strong as iron.  Go, <name>.  Restore the balance that the naga have upset."
"Avruu's Orb : <As you hold the orb closer to you, you hear a voice address you.>I sense you're not of the arakkoa, so I will attempt to barter for my freedom.  My name is Aeranas. I once ruled over the eastern winds.  The Haal'eshi mage, Avruu, trapped me inside this orb.Find the altar the arakkoa used to enslave me.  It is hidden to the southeast of the arakkoa's den.  Approach it with the orb and give it to me once I'm free.  In exchange for my liberty I'll reward you with powerful treasure!"
"Secrets of the Talonpriests : Thank you for paying heed to my fevered rants.  All along we had been trying to identify and destroy the Skettis chain of command; we had learned of three clerics known as the talonpriests, but we'd never seen them with our own two eyes.  Now we know why.Talk to Severin to obtain more of the elixir he discovered.  Use the elixir to find and kill the three talonpriests: Ishaal, Skizzik and Zellek.  They're rumored to dwell in Veil Ala'rak, near the eastern shore of Blackwind Lake."
"Doorway to the Abyss : You are an honor to us, <name>. But now we must strike before the Legion recovers! To the north of Thrallmar lies Invasion Point: Annihilator. It houses a warp-portal through which the Legion draws its reinforcements. You must overload that portal - and blast it back to the abyss it came from. The portal's activation key will be held by the Point's commander - Warbringer Arix'Amal. Slay him. Take the key. Use it on the portal and do what must be done. May the warchief's blessings be with you."
"Fel Spirits : Colonel Jules was cursed in a battle near the Gor'gaz Outpost, a haunt for Shattered Hand fel orcs.  My master, Barada, works feverishly to cure the poor human, but he needs help.  The Colonel's tormented spirit seeks peace, and his path to peace is, I fear, a path of vengeance.Take this anchorite relic to Gor'gaz Outpost.  Place it upon the ground near Shattered Hand orcs and defeat them.  This will release their fel spirits -- you must slay those fel spirits for Jules' own spirit's recovery."
"Windroc Mastery : Do you live for the hunt as I do, <class>?  Do you seek the quietude that comes as you stalk your prey?  Would you know what it is to honor the last heartbeats of your fallen quarry?  I will help you to achieve this.Nagrand is a lush land, full of life in the midst of this broken world.  Bring down a handful of the windrocs and then we will speak more.You can find them in many places nearby in all directions around our camp."
"Material Components : Mother Kashur wishes to speak with you, <name>. Before this becomes possible, you must collect the herbs required to create a potion that will expand your mind, allowing you to commune with the spirits.You must gather Olemba root from Terokkar, marshberries from Zangarmarsh, Telaari fronds from Nagrand and dragonspine from the Blade's Edge mountains. I have written down instructions on this parchment as to the cultivation of these herbs. Return to me when you have gathered the materials."
"A Lesson Learned : We need to show those flayers what happens when you mess with Oronok's business!I want you to go back to the Shattered Plains and destroy every flayer egg that you see. They'll be deep in flayer territory so keep your guard up."
"Maggoc's Treasure Chest : On the Razor Ridge, above and to the southeast, Maggoc patrols.  His father assigned him as the warden of the eastern mountain range, and he revels in terrorizing any creature that gets in his way.As a son of Gruul, he must be done away with if my clan is to survive.  That's where you come in.Maggoc carries a treasure chest with him at all times.  Prove to me that he has been slain by bringing me his precious chest.  Feel free to keep whatever you find within it."
"The Skyguard Outpost : <name>, we were wondering if you might be willing to visit our friends just to the north at the Skyguard Outpost?Sky Commander Keller and his Skyguard are here running missions for our mutual protection, and he's asked us to send along anyone that we feel would excel at helping out.That would be you!Head up there as soon as you can, and please, give him our regards."
"HELP! : HELP! They're gonna eat me! I just know it!Find the key, I know it has to be on one of these ogres.If you get me out of here, my father will reward you handsomely! He's the leader of Telaar, Arechron."
""
"Damaged Mask : As you examine the damaged mask, you hear strange sounds coming from within. If the mask wasn't damaged you might be able to hear the sounds more clearly.O'Mally Zapnabber in Ruuan Weald might be able to fix the mask."
"A Cleansing Light : This temple is one of the holiest places in all of Outland.  The power of the Light here is so strong, that even items with the strongest fel taint can be cleansed of a worldly item.Should you run into any fel armaments in your confrontations with demonic enemies, bring them to me and I will demonstrate the cleansing power of the Light."
"Mission: The Murketh and Shaadraz Gateways : Just west of the Dark Portal are two huge transporters: Gateway Murketh and Gateway Shaadraz.If you look east up the Path of Glory, you'll see them on either side of the road.  I want you to bomb them both into rubble!Here are the bombs you'll use, specially designed by a goblin in Area 52.  Now, speak with Wing Commander Dabir'ee -- he'll put you on a gryphon and send you on your way."
"Speak with Mog'dorg : <King/Queen> <name>!  You speak with Mog'dorg the Wizened before you leave and go to Ogri'la!"
"Wrangle More Aether Rays! : So, I hope that you're up to helping us wrangle up even more aether rays!  From what I can see, you're a natural with the rope!  And it's for a good cause, because not only do we get fresh mounts, but it helps us to protect Ogri'la, which the ogres appreciate.Remember, the aether rays fly around Vortex Pinnacle, and the Crystal Spine to the northeast.Think you can wrangle me up some more?"
"Ortor My Old Friend... : These invasion plans were written by someone I once knew. Ortor of Murkblood, once a noble Broken, versed in the way of the elements, now a muck addled yes-man of Musel'ek the bog lord.The plans state that they have taken over an orc village northwest of here known as Sunspring.Travel to Sunspring Post and rid the world of Ortor of Murkblood. What you do, you do for the good of us all..."
"Enraged Spirits of Water : The Illidari naga of the region have taken control of the only clean water supply that exists in Shadowmoon Valley.Directly north of here you will find the lair of the naga: Coilskar. Around Coilskar are pockets of agitated water that howl to the land in anguish. It is at those pockets that the enraged spirits of water now wander.Travel to Coilskar and use the totem of spirits to capture watery souls. You will find the largest concentration of these spirits near Coilskar Cistern."
"Warning the Cenarion Circle : The Cenarion Expedition has become a large organization with a good degree of autonomy.  These events are important enough that we need to warn the Cenarion Circle.Do not worry, I will not ask you to travel back to Moonglade; we have emissaries as nearby as Hellfire Peninsula."
""
"Voren'thal's Visions : Our leader, Voren'thal the Seer, was once a close advisor to Kael'thas.  His prophetic visions warned him that Kael's path would lead to the destruction of our race.The visions are usually vague and unfocused, but our alchemists have devised an elixir to help him focus his clairvoyance.  Unfortunately, this elixir calls for a rare ingredient: basilisk eyes.  My usual source, this pathetic ethereal, has failed me.Seek the dampscale basilisks in the rocky regions of Terokkar and bring me their eyes."
"Altruis : You don't see many demon hunters nowawdays.  They're viewed with suspicion by their own people and it's very rare to find one that doesn't have some sort of allegiance to Illidan.There are rumors of one such demon hunter out in Nagrand.  His name is Altruis.  He hates all demons with a passion and will help us if you can convince him that you share his goals.Go to western Nagrand and find him.  He might be willing to shed some light on these new demon hunter training grounds."
"Mission: Gateways Murketh and Shaadraz : We've identified the two main transporters that the Burning Legion are using to bring in reinforcements: Gateway Murketh and Gateway Shaadraz.If you look east up the Path of Glory, you'll see them on either side of the road.  I want you to bomb them both into oblivion!Here are the bombs you'll use, specially designed by a goblin in Area 52.  Now, speak with Wing Commander Brack -- he'll put you on a wyvern."
"Blessing of Incineratus : The wretched Lost Ones, heretofore banished to the swamps of Zangarmarsh, are seeking to spread their filth to other parts of our world.I have sought the wisdom of the furies and gained their blessing. To stop the source, we must unleash the elements upon them!I give you living fire, plucked from the fiery essence of Incineratus himself. Travel to Windyreed Village, southeast of here, and unleash the living fire upon their huts! Let them see the fury of the elements!"
"Disturbance at Umbrafen Lake : We came to Outland expecting to find small pockets of life.  What we discovered in Zangarmarsh was a lush environment with a thriving ecosystem.Our initial assessment of the area was deceiving, however.  The water levels at the lakes and marshes have consistently been going down since we started taking measurements.The impact this could have on the local animal and plant life is disastrous.  Go to Umbrafen Lake, southwest of here, and look for clues related to this water depletion."
"Skywing : Skywing flutters around you.You get the feeling he wants you to follow him."
"Grulloc Has Two Skulls : To the east, at the terminus of Dragons' End, is the Cursed Hollow.  Therein, Grulloc, son of Gruul, plots his dimwitted schemes.I heard that one of his possessions was stolen from him through trickery.  Was that you?  Unfortunate that he was not slain in the process.If we are to regain our freedom, I would have you take his most prized possession, a dragon skull from when he rejoiced in his father's slaying of the Black Dragonflight.  The only way you'll get the skull is to vanquish him."
"To Rule The Skies : As ye've flown around, ye must have noticed the dragons above.  I trust ye haven't fallen victim ta their rage.  Help us put an end ta it, <name>!Rivendark and Obsidia lord over this terrace, while Insidion and Furywing rule the skies over yon terrace ta the northeast.  Each has a perch on their respective domains.  I be wondering if ye and yer friends will go ta one, <lad/lass>, break open an egg and attract the dragon down.Bring me some teeth as proof.  Ta rule the skies, it's either them or us."
"Triangulation Point Two : I've recalibrated the triangulation device with the information that you provided from the first point.  You'll use it in exactly the same manner to discover the second.All that I can tell you is that the second point is somewhere far to the west.Once you've located it, speak with Wind Trader Tuluman; another of the nexus-prince's agents.  He's posing as a weapon merchant at a small trading post next to the bridge, which leads to the island that Manaforge Ara is on."
"Ata'mal Armaments : The Ata'mal Terrace in eastern Shadowmoon Valley is holy to the draenei, but is now overrun by fel orcs. They have dug up the special ore from that place and created corrupted weapons and armor.I need the armaments to form an alloy with the naga ore. Our anchorites have blessed my anvil with the ability to cleanse them.Retrieve the armaments from the Shadowmoon chosen, slayers and darkweavers. Return them here, breaking down and purifying them upon my anvil, and then hand me the cleansed results."
"Tabards of the Illidari : The gryphon riders must return to Wildhammer Stronghold to prepare for the next phase of our assault. What I need from you now are the tabards that these blood elves wear.When you have collected enough tabards, call for a gryphon rider using the Wildhammer flare gun. Prepare yourself for a bit of espionage, <race>!"
"Destroy Naberius! : Archmage Vargoth saw the danger in Naberius's pursuit of necromancy, but I don't think he ever anticipated that his own apprentice would wreak this much destruction upon the Kirin Tor.You must defeat him, <name>, or else he will continue enslaving the spirits of our fallen brothers, robbing them of their rightful rest and destroying what little remains of Kirin'Var.With his phylactery in hand, he can be confronted by two or three combatants, but who knows what his magic might do to more foes?"
"The Hermit Smith : <Ordinn examines the results from his attempt at smithing the metal and shakes his head.>This is beyond my ability, but that's not to say the weapon can't be recreated for your use.There was a talented smith who accompanied the Sons of Lothar to Draenor, David Wayne. He was a remarkable blacksmith, but chose to leave the expedition. These days, he lives in a small camp on a peninsula east of Firewing Point in Terokkar Forest. Take the ingots to him and see if he can help you with the weapon."
"Blast the Infernals! : The device we've assembled won't win any beauty contests, but it should be capable of destroying the infernals amassed at Legion Hold. Judging from what the fel reaver power core's energy did to the Fetid Pool, it holds a respectable amount of explosive power.If you set the device off in the middle of the green glyph at the hold, it should be in range to hit all of the infernals."
"Teron Gorefiend - Lore and Legend : Stories abound about the life of Teron Gorefiend, but most are just that - stories. We do not know what happened to Gorefiend after he returned to Draenor.The only thing we are certain of is that he has already died once.I have heard the scouts here speaking of an ancient orc spirit that resides at the Altar of Shadows, far to the southeast, across the Netherwing Fields and through Netherwing Pass. Take the Spectrecles and track this orc down. He will surely have more information on Gorefiend."
"Recharging the Batteries : I have the very important task of collecting the machinery inside these ruins, but I'm having a problem keeping all of my bots charged up.The phase hunters - those wyrm-looking things - have lots of energy!  You can find them all over the edges of this island, floating in from the nether.Fill the battery on this recharging blaster by using it on a phase hunter when they're very weak, and then finish it off to soak up the last of its energy."
""
"A Friendly Gesture : Life in the marsh has not been easy, <name>. We want to live in harmony with those that call it home, but our enemies out here threaten our existence.  Work with us. Help the people of Sporeggar thrive."
"Demonic Crystal Prisons : From assessing the scene, you note that Ar'tor is being held in place by energy beams emanating from the crystals hovering around the rune. Try as you might, Ar'tor is unmovable.You note that the crystals have an empty slot at their base - perhaps for a key. It also seems as if succubi periodically perform some sort of ritual at the site.Search Illidari Point for their leader. Perhaps she holds the key to releasing Ar'tor."
"Exorcising the Trees : The Grishna have caused the leafbeards and stonebarks to be inhabited by evil koi-koi spirits.We must save the trees or soon all of the Raven's Wood will be lost forever!Combine the magic of a Grishnath orb, found throughout Grishnath, with a dire pinfeather from a dire raven.Use the resultant exorcism feather to draw out and slay the koi-koi spirit as quickly as possible.  The stonebarks are too powerful for this ritual, but if enough leafbeards are saved, they will be freed as well."
"Akama : You've proven what side you're on.  I will reveal to you our leader's hideout.Follow the halls beyond; there will be an underground passage hidden by stagnant water on your right.I must warn you, <name>.  You are not to speak to anyone of what you see there."
"A Father's Duty : As to that other magical flask, it can only be obtained from one spot: Bash'ir Landing.  It's an ethereal base, and they aren't too friendly with outsiders, so it might be a little dangerous to obtain.Where's Bash'ir Landing, you ask?  Well, if you get on your flying steed and head north by northeast, well past Forge Camp: Wrath, you'll eventually spot it.  The Bash'ir crystalforge itself is at the northeast corner of the landing.Thank you for doing this, <name>.  It'll mean the world to our sons!"
"Murkblood Corrupters : Murkblood are capturing and torturing the spirits of air! Murkblood are my kin: A tribe of the Broken who serve the vile Musel'ek, beast lord of Coilfang.The air spirit states that the Murkblood putrifiers are capturing other spirits of air and using them to sow chaos into the ranks of the elements. It would seem that the Murkblood have recently sacked an orc village to the southwest known as Sunspring and are using powerful elemental magic to disturb the lake. Find the putrifiers and destroy them."
"Curse of the Violet Tower : Now, you will be able to use the archmage's staff to contact him.He resides in the Violet Tower, on an 'island' to the southeast. The tower is both sanctuary and prison to him, cursed as it is. Kirin Tor can neither enter nor leave, keeping me apart from my master.The staff's magic can penetrate the tower's defenses, but only if invoked by one outside the Kirin Tor.Take the archmage's staff and use it to conjure his image. Tell him what has happened and that I have not completely failed him."
"Veil Shalas: Signal Fires : Terokk's perch, Skettis, looms above the Bone Wastes to the east. At the base of Skettis lies Veil Shalas, the most formidable of Terokk's colonies. It is through the stronghold of Veil Shalas that Terokk's forward sages wage war against the Light.The evil-doers of Shalas communicate with their master using a complex system of magical signal fires. Travel to the east, <race>, and extinguish the fires. Once Veil Shalas is silenced, we can begin to plot the fall of Skettis.But I get ahead of myself."
"The Infested Protectors : The trees of this land are ravaged by the power that was unleashed from Auchindoun.  The foul magic that was unleashed blasted the land into the wastes you see all around.  The trees that survived are now infested with wretched wood mites that crawl under their bark and gnaw at their flesh.  Rotting forest-rages and infested root-walkers are breeding grounds for the mites.  They are found along the edge of the wood to the east.  Destroy these creatures and then kill the mites that flee their husks."
"A Gift for Voren'thal : I don't want to send you to Voren'thal empty-handed.  It's not in my style to be underwhelming.To gain access to Socrethar's Seat in the north, we'll need to use his own teleporters - locked by Socrethar's teleportation stone.  The first half of the stone is in the possession of Forgemaster Morug at Forge Base Oblivion.  The second half is held by the demon Silroth at Forge Base: Gehenna.Obtain these and Voren'thal will be impressed beyond words."
"An Audacious Advance : Directly west of here you will find the Halaani Basin. Within the basin are the twin clefts of Nagrand: Northwind and Southwind. Boulderfist shock troops use the clefts to hide their ogre mounds.I need you to track down those troops and kill all that you encounter in the name of Mag'har."
"S-A-B-O-T-A-G-E : We must destroy the machinery that is making these nexus-stalker aberrations possible. To strike at their proto-accelerator would be futile as it is an ethereal creation. We must instead destroy the manaforge energy tube that they are using as a conduit.I have all that I need to create a device to overload the conduit save for one item. I need a wrapping from an archon or overlord that might be transforming soon in order to calibrate the device."
"Escape from Skettis : Hail, <name>.  I thank you for coming to my aid.The arakkoa's monstrous birds knocked me from my nether ray while on a scouting mission.Let's get out of here, while we can."
"The Warp Rifts : Long have I wandered through Outland, searching for the truth of the void.  Now I am old and weak.  Perhaps you will help me? I must learn the secrets of the voidwalkers.  You must find the Warp Fields to the west.  West of the Expedition Armory there is a dark place on the edge of the abyss where time and space are weak.  Use my unstable warp rift generator in the Warp Fields to create a warp rift.  You must gather warp nether from the creatures that come through."
"Invasion Point: Cataclysm : Now that we have access to the Legion's base at Invasion Point: Cataclysm, we need to figure out a way to shut down their operations there. Shadowmoon Village won't be safe until the Legion's presence is erased from the valley.I've sent an advance party up to the invasion point to help you formulate a plan to destroy the Legion's supplies. Go back to Legion Hold and step into the teleporter with the green crystals above it. Nakansi will meet you at your destination."
"Capturing the Keystone : It doesn't surprise me that Kael'thas has put the key to this ward in the hands of someone like Commander Sarannis. Prince Kael'thas is a great many things, but he is no simpleton.In order to break this curse once and for all, you must enter Tempest Keep and claim the keystone.Only once the keystone has been destroyed will I regain my freedom."
"Shutting Down Manaforge B'naar : I was having a friendly discussion with the Aldor while you were gone.  Manaforges sure look like modified naaru technology from Tempest Keep.  Apparently, most naaru constructs have certain safeguards that allow them to be permanently disabled in case of emergency.The procedure is usually initiated at a control console via an access crystal.  Lo and behold, according to the roster you secured, such a crystal is in the possession of a fellow called Overseer Theredis.  Obtain it and see what you can do."
"The Sporelings' Plight : You there!  You must help us!The fungal giants are devouring all of our spore sacs!  You must do something, or we'll lose our young!The spore sacs start out large and become smaller as the air inside them is depleted.  Look for the small, mature spore sacs and save as many of them as you can!"
"Terokkarantula : You have slain many of the dreadfang widows but they will continue to spawn and soon they will strike at us again.  Deep within Netherweb Ridge is the lair of the Terokkarantula, the brood-mother of these gruesome creatures.  If we are to be safe, she must die."
"Frankly, It Makes No Sense... : We must study these creatures further.Far to the east - near the huge lava flow beneath the ruins of Baa'ri - you will find arcano control units. These controllers were crafted by a genius named Gnomus for the sole purpose of exploring lava via mechanical scorpion.He has long since lost his mind and is now only interested in eating the hottest food known to gnome-kind.<Tiorus gives you a funny look.>I want you to use the control and tag the diemetradons of the lava flow for further study."
"Have You Ever Seen One of These? : This marsh be missin' one thing, mon! There be no murlocs here.Don't worry, mon, I got a plan to fix the problem. See Gargle 'n' Gurgle over there? I plan to give the gift o' murlocs to the Lost Ones!Take this cage with you to Daggerfen Village an' release 'em in the northeastern cluster of huts. Now you know I can't be riskin' Gargle 'n' Gurgle with you, but I'll give you a cage full o' colorful young murlocs. Just set it on the flat rock you be findin' up there and open the door!"
"The Mag'har : This news you bring from beyond the Dark Portal...  you want us to believe the son of Durotan now rules over the lands beyond it... free from any demonic taint?  And that now his people have returned to this world?I hope for your sake that this isn't some manner of joke, <class>.  What this means to my people... cannot be described.  I must send word to Nagrand at once!  Hellscream must hear about this.Take this letter back to your leader in Thrallmar.  Tell him the Mag'har welcome them!"
"In Case of Emergency... : In the event of an emergency, it's always the pilot's job to keep a level head, especially when the only orders your co-pilot follows come from his stomach.The good news is that we won't need to wait days for replacement parts to be imported. The bad news is that the ""spare"" parts got scattered from here to the Valley of Bones to the east.The other bad news? The spare parts aren't so spare. They, uh, fell off during our rapid descent. Could you help me collect enough to get us off the ground again?"
"Capture the Weapons : With a larger supply of this material, I can forge a weapon suitable for you.The two pit lords at Legion Hold, Makazradon and Morgroron, have already been equipped with these anti-demon weapons. Capturing those two weapons should provide us with enough material to make your weapon, and then some.I can't wait to bring the battle to the enemy using these weapons. That'll teach the Legion to trifle with anti-demon magics."
"Underworld Loam : The frame that you brought me earlier will not be sufficient to hold molten metal without reinforcement. A rare kind of earth can be used to cool and imbue the frame, giving the adamantite an unnatural strength.Underwold loam, as the earth is known, is accorded great value among the naga. Few enough of them possess it, and in Outland, I know of only one naga who uses it -- Hydromancer Thespia, who resides in the Steamvault of Coilfang Reservoir."
"The Outcast's Plight : As an outcast, I am marked by death by arakkoa loyal to the city of Skettis.  I cannot leave these walls for fear of my life, but that doesn't mean I cannot strike at them in retaliation.I have a small cache of treasure that I'm willing to part with, should you help me strike back at my would-be assassins.  Bring me feathers from the denizens of the various Veils of Terokkar as proof of their demise."
"A Head Full of Ivory : Ivory is a much sought after prize.  I have many customers lined up in far off places to purchase it.I could be convinced to let you in on a cut of the profits.The wild elekk roaming Nagrand have the high quality of tusks that I'm after.  Steer clear of the bull elekk; their ivory isn't in the condition that I desire.Oh and don't worry, it's not poaching; I have an understanding with both the orcs and the draenei.Do you and I have an understanding?"
"Fhwoor Smash! : Little naga make Fhwoor angry!  Sporelings good friend to Fhwoor, so Fhwoor get naga ark.We go into nearby naga village.  You help?  Bring friends!"
"Grom'tor, Son of Oronok : My first born, Grom'tor, left to search Coilskar Point - directly southwest of here.He's the warrior in the family - ill-tempered and blood-thirsty... Traits he inherited from his mother. Search along the outskirts of Coilskar Point. If you see naga corpses, Grom'tor is sure to be close.When you find him, tell him this: ""We spill blood for just cause."" It will let him know that you are a friend to Torn-heart and prevent your premature death."
"The Fate of Kagrosh : The scouting party originally had three members. Unfortunately, Kagrosh decided he wanted to be a hero.He descended into the Deathforge and we haven't heard from him since.In all likelihood, the fool's gone and gotten himself killed. The Shadow Council members aren't idiots and Kagrosh wasn't exactly strong in the subtlety department, if you know what I mean. Keep an eye out for him in the Deathforge and recover any information or items he might have collected."
"Getting Down to Business : As you've no doubt seen, the area is teeming with nether dragons in various stages of growth. All nether dragons, young and old, contain an essence that's highly desired by K -- err, by a client of mine.Most people aren't willing to risk their lives to gather it, so we've got the place to ourselves. You can start by gathering the essence from any of the creatures out here, but it's imperative that we start building a supply right away. Return to me once you have the first batch."
"When the Cows Come Home : Realizing that Bessy is still staring at you, you gesture toward Thadell's location. You find yourself promising to protect the cow on her way home. Upon finishing your sentence, you realize there's no possible way the cow could understand anything you've said.Shrugging your shoulders, you prepare to guard the bovine on her way back to Thadell."
"Familiar Fungi : Yes, that's it, I knew I had seen this particular phylum of mushroom elsewhere in the marsh!To the north is a place known as the Hewn Bog.  Odd name for the place if you ask me, but I've never been there.  I'll need samples of those mushrooms to confirm my hypothesis.Just be careful, <class>.  I'd heard that ogres have moved in to the area, so you'll have to get the samples from them.  Could that be why the bog lords are no longer going there for their food?"
"Recover the Bones : The bones of the dead draenei litter the Bone Wastes from the explosion of Auchindoun.  Their spirits are restless, and cannot move on to the next life.<class>, you must help me to recover their bones and take them to their final resting place!  Only then will they be at peace; only then will they know comfort.Gather up the restless bones with care and deliver them to Ramdor the Mad at Auchindoun in the center of the Bone Wastes.  Despite his name, he will know how to care for them."
"Cutting Your Teeth : It's nice that you've been helping out Toshley and his scientists.  I, however, do not have the luxury of indulging in my 'personal' interests.If you want to make a difference around here, you'll do what I ask of you, and right now, I need weapons.Our guns are effective at range, but when the bugs get in close, we need to have powerful melee weapons as a backup.The teeth of the daggermaw lashtails in the northern part of the Razor Ridge make for great vibro-weapon blades.  Scare me up some."
"The Ring of Blood: The Warmaul Champion : They had to ship the champion in from the Blade's Edge gladiator pits. He was training on mountain giants - three at a time.If you win this one, you become the new champion. What do you think your odds are, kid? Do you have a shot? Just give me the word and I'll bet the house on you.Now get in there and win!"
"Unlocking the Compendium : While I'm glad to have most of Krasus's Compendium back, it's useless without the heliotrope oculus. You see, Krasus was well aware of the sheer power of the spells recorded in the book and took steps to safeguard them from prying eyes.Only a knowledgeable mage can use the oculus to unlock the compendium's secrets.During Kael'thas's attack, one of his lieutenants, Spellreaver Marathelle, looted it and took it to Sunfury Hold northeast of the tower. No doubt she thought it a pretty little bauble."
"Escape from the Staging Grounds : Thank K'aresh! He would have torn me apart!I'm a Protectorate soldier, fleshling. My platoon was sent on a recon mission about 10 days ago. As we were moving across the upper ledges of this island, a group of Ethereum jumped us. At least I think it was Ethereum. They had the same energy color but their wrappings looked void.Only Tyralius was spared. I think they put him in a prison cell.I've got to get back to the Protectorate Watch Post! Can you escort me back?"
"Vessels of Power : Amid the ruins of Tuurem are a number of vessels containing raw, magical energy. We are fortunate that the Broken who have overrun the city are ignorant to the resource in their midst, but we cannot assume they will remain so forever.With those vessels and their power in hand, the scattered survivors of my people can resist the lure of demonic magic. Every quel'dorei we can save from our prince's folly is one more that can help us regain our lost glory. Bring me these vessels, <class>."
"Spirits of the Feralfen : The most powerful tribe of Lost Ones in the marsh, the Feralfen, are said to possess powerful medicine. There may be no truth to such rumors, but anything that might help me channel the spirits of this world cannot be ignored.Find the Feralfen mystics, hunters and druids, <name>, and capture their totems. Everything I need to know should be apparent from the carvings."
"Firewing Signets : It is no secret that Kael'thas Sunstrider perceives us as a great threat.  Let's face it - not many sin'dorei, fresh from Silvermoon, are willing to join the sort of company that Kael keeps.It's also no secret that this is not just a war of words.  Scryers and the armies that serve Kael'thas attack each other on sight.  The only way to prove you're with us, <name>, is to do your share of fighting.Kael's lower ranking followers wear Firewing signets to indicate their rank.  Bring them to me."
"Thunderlord Clan Artifacts : The artifact bears markings that indicate its origins as being created by the Thunderlord clan orcs.  These orcs used to live at Thunderlord Stronghold before they were changed into fel orcs.For a time the Bladespire ogres inhabited the stronghold until recently when the Horde pushed them out.You've heard of other artifacts that were lost.  A drum, an arrow and a tablet come to mind as objects that you know are being sought after.Find them in Bladespire Hold and return them to Rokgar Bloodgrip."
"Disrupt Their Reinforcements : You'll find the Legion front to our northeast, and spaced along it are portals used to gather reinforcements from throughout Outland. We, <name>, are going to destroy those portals!Take this primer.  Designed in Area 52, it uses the demons' own power as an explosive device!  Defeat Legion forces around Portals Grimh and Kaalez to gather demonic rune stones, use the primer to detonate the stones inside the portals... then watch the fireworks!!Go, <name>, and return to me when your mission is complete."
"The Cleansing Must Be Stopped : Our scouts captured a draenei paladin at the Pools of Aggonar.  He was to take part in a cleansing ritual to purify the pools.  We must stop the draenei from succeeding or we will lose our supply of felblood!He was carrying this signaling gem, looking to mark a spot where a priest - or ""anchorite"" as they call themselves - could perform their rituals in safety.  Place the gem near the Altar of Aggonar and be ready to ambush any approaching draenei.I suggest that you take a friend or two along."
"A Haunted History : Have you felt the cold chill? Perhaps what you thought was a hand on your shoulder? That was not your mind playing tricks on you, <race>. The land is haunted. Ghosts litter the landscape, stuck here for all eternity.Would you like to see them? Are you sure about that? These types of things tend to change a person - and not for the better.Very well, I will need you to collect for me the ever-burning ash that is found near any of the fel lava pools of western Shadowmoon. Anywhere near green lava..."
"Investigate Tuurem : You know, come to think of it, I do recall selling several boxes of strange and exotic engineering parts to Empoor about a month ago.  I'm not sure what they'd be used for, but I know that they were delivered to Tuurem.Perhaps one or more of those boxes is still there?"
"Ar'tor, Son of Oronok : My youngest son, Ar'tor, left to search Illidari Point - far to the southwest, nestled between Legion Hold and Wildhammer Stronghold.While Ar'tor is a hunter of remarkable skill and an expert tracker, I fear that he may be in over his head this time. Illidari Point is the proving grounds for Illidan's demons. These are demons that left the Burning Legion to join the Betrayer!Travel to Illidari Point and find Ar'tor, <name>."
"The Fate of Flanis : Wing Commander Nuainn originally sent three of us out here to keep watch over the Deathforge and to gather information. Flanis Swiftwing volunteered to try to infiltrate the Deathforge, but we haven't heard anything from him in days.I fear the worst, <name>. Flanis is a skilled scout, but if he's gotten in over his head, we have no way of knowing. Search the Deathforge for him and recover any information or items he might have collected."
"To Legion Hold : The fortress of Legion Hold is nigh impregnable, and to be completely honest, I can't spare the forces for an assault. Our hopes are riding on you, <name>.What little information we've been able to gather indicates that the Legion stocks and prepares its infernals at the hold. With the help of a disguise I'll give you, you must sneak into Legion Hold and learn about the their plans. Your best hope is to intercept or overhear communication between their commanders. Good luck, <name>."
"Maintaining the Sunwell Portal : We must maintain the energy to our portal or it will collapse. The mana cells that the ethereals at Bash'ir Landing have hidden will continue to serve our purposes. The landing sits atop the northwestern corner of the Blade's Edge Mountains, far to the north.Remember, acquire a phase device from one of the ethereals and then use it to locate the smuggled goods.Just be cautious of the phase wyrms that they use to guard the mana cells."
""
""
"Getting the Bladespire Tanked : I'll not take another sip of that ill-smelling muck!  But it does give me an idea.<Borgrim gets a twinkle in his eye.>So here's the plan.  We know that the Bloodmaul practically live off of this swill.  But I wonder what their enemies, the Bladespire ogres, think of it?<name>, I want you to take the rest of this rubbish and see if you can get the Bladespire ogres tanked.  You can find them by heading north from Bloodmaul Outpost through the ravine."
"The Fel and the Furious : <Nakansi leafs through the manual.>All the information is here, but be warned. These things weren't built to be controlled remotely.We can modify one for you to use for a short time, but you'll have to work fast, or there's no telling what might happen! I wouldn't be surprised if your little stunt with the fel reaver catches the attention of the Legion scum, either. Try to keep yourself safe, but remember, the mission and the safety of Shadowmoon Village come first!"
"Wrangle Some Aether Rays! : Wanna help the Skyguard and Ogri'la?Just hear me out before you walk away, <hot stuff/girly>.  We're in need of remounts!  The bombing runs and missions to Bash'ir Landing have taken a toll on our mounts.The aether rays that fly around Vortex Pinnacle, and the Crystal Spine to the northeast, look like they'd do just fine.  You don't even have to bring them back here, though that would be nice.  Just break and rope them, and we'll track them down later.Think you can wrangle me up some?"
"You're Hired! : Let me be the first to welcome you aboard, Junior Technician 3rd Grade <name>!We're building my masterpiece out here - the X-52 Nether-Rocket!But first we need to get all of the parts and fuel for it.  That's where you come in.To start, I need crystals - LOTS of crystals - for the rocket's Etherlithium Engine Matrix.  The draenei had crystals coming out of their ears!So head north to the Ruins of Enkaat and get them for me!  Nevermind all of the draenei ghosts."
"Recipe for Destruction : Atop Manaforge Ultris lies the tear in the nether that the void lord, Dimensius, came through. That tear provides Dimensius with a link to the void, rendering him immune to physical harm. If we can get a lock on the conduit that Dimensius is using to keep himself phased out of this plane of existence, we can destroy it and then destroy Dimensius.To do this, we're going to first need you to collect fragments of Dimensius from the void creatures that he sends out to do his dirty work."
"Birds of a Feather : I have seen many ebon wings in the Maw, but never brilliant golden ones.  Now that the aural sequencers are relaying information reliably, we should discover the source of these feathers.  Follow the trail, Maw Walker. There is a mystery here... and very likely profit.  Gold has value where you come from, does it not?"
"Strange Brew : If I'm going to start this vacation out right, then I'm going to need more brew.  Unfortunately, the elves know nothing of the fine art of fermentation.I overheard that the Bloodmaul ogres down in the ravine have plenty.  I'm willing to give it a try.Do me a favor?  Head south through the Living Grove and then down the ramp to the east into Bloodmaul Outpost and procure me some?  I hear they have big barrels of it laying around and that their brewmasters carry it around to all the other ogres."
"A Fel Whip For Gahk : Gahk think being smart is dumb sometimes.  Gahk not want to think.  Me want little <race> to smash big demons!Dey have some chiefs, and da chiefs all have whips to hurt da little demons.  You bring Gahk a whip!You challenge demon chief in forge camps at burning, green, fel crystal prism.  Use many apexis shards to get dem to come.  Dey called Galvanoth, Braxxus, Zarcsin and da Mo'arg Incinerator."
"He Called Himself Altruis... : A being riding atop a nether drake arrived in town late last week. He introduced himself as Altruis and then proceeded to ask us several questions about Nagrand.He claimed that he was hunting Legion. That such insanity was actually his job. Can you imagine? A person that would willingly hunt demons?Before he left, he asked that we let the would-be heroes in town know that he will be staying in western Nagrand for awhile and that should they seek a purpose, to find him."
"To the Stormspire : Master Engineer Ghabar will want to know about the results of the diagnostics. If anything, they caution us to keep a close eye on the workings of our dome generators. As the fields become more and more unstable, their effects will become harder to control. It could spell disaster for our expedition and anything else housed within the domes.You'll find Ghabar at the Stormspire. Just follow the road north from this eco-dome and across the bridge. It'll lead you to the elevator at the base of the spire."
"Cleansing the Waters : I must ask that you finish what we've set in motion.  Now that the demonic influence has weakened you must take this cleansing vial and pour it at the very source of the taint - Aggonar's own corpse.You will find the demon's bones at the northern end of the pools.  Beware, I sense that Aggonar's essence has not quite left this world."
"Invasion Point: Annihilator : Well, we've located the Legion's final base on the ridge - Invasion Point: Annihilator. It lies northwest of Forge Camp: Rage - and it houses a warp-portal through which the Legion has been drawing its reinforcements! You've got to close that portal to prevent any more demons from coming through. The Point's overlord, Warbringer Arix'Amal, holds the portal's activation key. Take it from him and shut that blasted gateway down!"
""
"An Ambitious Plan : The blood elves epitomize the irresponsible use of magic, <class>. They do not control magical energy. Rather, they are slaves to it and will suffer nothing to stand between them and their addiction. They consume the energies of Outland's voidwalkers to power their demonic magics.I've prepared a crystal charged with a spell that will allow us to neutralize a voidwalker and sever its link to this world when destroyed. I've mostly seen the voidwalkers in the Warp Fields to the southeast of Hellfire Citadel."
"Eradicate the Burning Legion : Though this land is full of strange new enemies, the Burning Legion is still the greatest threat to our Expedition. One of my most trusted warriors, Sergeant Shatterskull, has been studying the Legion's tactics - trying to discern the demons' true purpose in this land. Seek him out at the supply caravan just outside the southern wall.And <name> - be wary of the Legion. Their evil cannot be underestimated."
"Torching Sunfury Hold : Ridding Sunfury Hold of its garrison is not sufficient to keep the blood elves from reoccupying it. Kael'thas's followers are zealous and tenacious. Leaving them anything to use at Sunfury is effectively an invitation to return.No, it must all be destroyed. See to it that their tents and artillery burn to ashes!<The ghost's fists clench.>Steal torches from the Sunfury flamekeepers to accomplish your task, <name>."
"Strange Energy : Something strange has changed the teromoths of the thicket.Where once there was a diversity of life in there, now only the teromoths remain.  And while before they were at peace, now they are agitated and will not hesitate to attack you should you get close.I need to compare the vicious ones to the normal.  Collect for me a number of samples from both.  You'll find the unaffected teromoths both to the south and the north.I'm certain this is related to whatever killed all of the druids."
"Seek Out Ameer : It would seem that an outside force has taken an interest in the business practices of the Consortium. Five Consortium dealers have gone missing in the past two days. We have reason to believe the Ethereum are involved. If you are interested in assisting, seek out Commander Ameer at the Protectorate Watch Post.You will find the Protectorate Watch Post directly east of here on the next island."
"Investigate the Crash : When I was wounded in the wastes I saw a goblin zeppelin crash.  It went down to the northwest, beyond the Expedition Armory. The zeppelin was on fire.  Shrieking, burning goblins were falling like bombs from the sky.  Of course I was in a lot of pain and I had lost a lot of blood.  I may have imagined the whole thing.If you can find any survivors, we can offer them sanctuary here at Spinebreaker Post."
"Asghar's Totem : What you read in the commander's journal is true. While the orcish Horde massed under Gul'dan, my people sought to defend ourselves from the threat by striking against him. Gul'dan learned of their intentions and cast a mighty spell that destroyed our camps and twisted the spirits of my brothers.They must be stopped before they unleash a greater evil. In the Sketh'lon Wreckage to the north, seek out Asghar and bring me the totem he carries. With it, we can begin to thwart the dark conclave's plans."
"A Convincing Disguise : Infiltrating the ranks of Kael's army will not be an easy task.  With my knowledge of illusionary magic I could pass you off as one of Kael's followers, but there are certain details in their uniforms I could not replicate.Bring me a set of their robes, a pair of their gloves and a Sunfury guardsman medallion.  This will make the results of my magic much more convincing."
"Pick Your Part : Those ethereal clowns are as opportunistic as us, I'll give them that.  But no one, and I mean NO ONE, moves in on a B.O.O.M. claim!The Heap to the south is ours!If we're to finish the X-52 Nether-Rocket, we're going to need all of the new tech that we can get our hands on.  And since the ethereals are stealing from us, I think it's only fair that we repay them in kind.Why don't you head down there and see if you can acquire some of their technology out from under their noses!"
"WANTED: Giselda the Crone : Wanted: Dead or AliveGiselda the Crone of Kil'sorrow and her lackeys for murder, ritual sacrifice, communing with the Legion, kidnapping, and burglary.Known to congregate at Kil'sorrow Fortress in southeastern Nagrand, near the border of Terokkar.Large gold reward to be dispensed by Warden Moi'bff Jill at Telaar to anyone able to bring Giselda to justice."
"WANTED: Zorbo the Advisor : Wanted: Dead or AliveZorbo the Advisor, wanted for numerous planned attacks on Telaar. Along with his reavers and shaman, Zorbo has slain countless Broken. Consider Zorbo as armed, dangerous, and merciless.Zorbo makes his home in the Laughing Skull Ruins in the northern mountains of Nagrand.Reward for Zorbo the Advisor's death or capture to be dispensed by Warden Moi'bff Jill at Telaar."
""
"Proving Your Strength : Though we seek a peaceful life, our enemies are many.  Of these, none match the ogres in sheer brute power.If you seek to prove your prowess to us, bring me the warbeads they wear around their necks.  I will tell others of your accomplishments."
"Jyoba's Report : Flecks of withered fungus dot the body of Scout Jyoba. Whatever killed him must've been made of the same dying fungus as the giant wilting mushrooms of the Dead Mire. Perhaps one of the withered giants caught him by surprise as he sat writing his report.Without the text of the report, it's nearly impossible to tell what the scout discovered. If the report can be found, it should be returned to Zurai."
"Demonic Contamination : Welcome to the Cenarion Post, <class>. We don't often get company out here, but I'm grateful for the visit. My work with the creatures of this desolate land requires me to travel to many remote places.The Cenarion Expedition has dispatched me to study some of the most dangerous wildlife in Outland, and I've made a startling discovery. While many creatures here have already undergone radical changes, they continue to mutate. I'm collecting blood samples to document the changes, and any help would be welcome."
"The Eyes of Skettis : Doom harkens from the cliffs of Skettis.My people, the arakkoa, face a fate shrouded in unspeakable evil. Too often have we abused dark magic for wrongdoing. Through A'dal I have learned of the Light and of redemption.Terokk watches his colonies from Skettis through orbs enchanted by the black art. Steal these Eyes from Veil Reskk and Veil Shienor in northern Terokkar. Let me see what Terokk sees. Let me look through the eyes of Skettis."
"Synthesis of Power : Arcane tomes are not ordinary books that happen to deal with arcane matters.  There is intrinsic power in them - a power I've learned to synthesize into a single arcane rune.Should you find an arcane tome in your travels I will give you one such rune.  Only the most powerful wielders of magic carry the books I need.  In Outland this usually means Kael's blood elves - but you'd be surprised by where such tomes often turn up."
"The Summoning Chamber : In order for the Shadow Council to construct infernals as quickly as they're being used, they must have an area dedicated to summoning the corrupted elementals that serve as the souls of the creatures.The summoning chamber is likely to be found below ground, near a pool of fouled water or lava. Locate the summoning chamber within the Deathforge and find a way to end their summoning ritual. The mo'arg involved in making the infernals may carry a tool that will help disrupt the summoner's magics."
"Ogre Heaven : Now that you have delivered us from bondage, we can begin the process of reunifying the clans.  This will take some time; old grudges are difficult to overcome.But more pressing, you must go to Ogri'la in the heavens above to the west.  You must defend it, and us, from those forces above that the gronn used to protect us from: ethereals, demons, and worst of all, the black dragonflight.When you find ogre heaven, seek out the wisdom of Chu'a'lor on how best to proceed."
"Damning Evidence : As you may have noticed, there are servants of the Burning Legion all over Manaforge Ara.  Kael'thas has entered an alliance with the Burning Legion.  He must've caught wind of Illidan's descent into insanity and switched paymasters accordingly.If the Scryers get definite proof of this, it will give them a considerable political advantage.  I know for a fact that the Legion forces at this manaforge have orders that bear Kael's seal.Get these orders and bring them to Thalodien."
"Ride the Lightning : We haven't kept the use of the Zephyrium Capacitorium under budget.  But, it occurs to me that the serpents of the Scalewing Shelf to the east have a lightning breath and glands that we can make use of.I've repolarized the magneto collector to absorb lightning strikes and I want you to head up there, activate it on yourself, and get us some cheap fuel from those serpents."
"Stopping the Spread : I have just gotten word of a catastrophe of epic proportions, <name>. The foul Murkblood have sacked the orc village of Sunspring Post, northwest of here, and murdered its residents. To make matters worse, they have begun dumping the bodies into Sunspring Lake. Should those bodies rot, our primary source of water in the region will be compromised.It's a gruesome task that I give you next but it must be done. Take this enchanted torch and return to Sunspring. Burn all of the rotting orc corpses..."
"Manaforge B'naar : You may have noticed one of Kael's manaforges on your way here.  You know, the large purple buildings sucking energy from the sky?We were sent here by the Sha'tar to investigate them.  You can help our information gathering efforts by obtaining a personnel roster.  Giving us an idea of who's there and what they do will prove to be invaluable information.We believe Captain Arathyn, leading a ballista team just outside of Manaforge B'naar, is in possession of one such roster.  Obtain it for us."
"Help Mama Wheeler : Say, <name>, I was wondering if you could do me another favor.My partner out in the field could probably use a hand.  I was wondering if you could go check in on her.I'm sure that Mama Wheeler will appreciate the help.  Just don't mind her sharp tongue.She's trying to look out for our interests to the east.  You'll find her just inside Eco-Dome Midrealm at the Midrealm Post."
"Arelion's Journal : My husband, Arelion, had been fascinated with the Pools of Aggonar ever since we arrived in Outland.  He spent much of his time studying slimes, of all things!He went missing in there a few days ago.  They say he's dead and there's nothing I can do about it.One thing I can do is try to ensure that his research doesn't die with him.  Go northeast to the pools and look for his journal.  He always carried it inside a brown knapsack."
"A Spirit Ally? : We must find out how much power this Feralfen snake spirit possesses and whether it can be bent to our will. Imagine what I could do with the powers of an Outland spirit at my command!Take this totem with you and make your way to the foot of the stairs leading to the Boha'mu Ruins. Plant the totem in the ground and it should do the rest. The spirit should not be able to tell who has used the totem until it has manifested."
"Grillok ""Darkeye"" : Grillok Darkeye has wagered a piece of himself to dark powers, and gained great magic for it.  His lost eye burns deep in some hellish pit, now a demon's trinket... and the patch that covers his betrayal holds its own dark secrets.Bring me Grillok's eyepatch, <name>, and I will reward you greatly for your service..."
"A Ghost in the Machine : I fear that these dwarves do not understand what they have built upon. This area was once the ancestral grounds for the Shadowmoon orcs. I speak of spirits, <race>.For nearly twenty years they have laid dormant beneath the Wildhammer Stronghold, but recently, something has riled them up.Venture beyond the gates of Wildhammer and seek out the pools and rivers of fel lava found across this land. Near the lava will be ever-burning ash. Bring me this ash so that I may craft something that will help us."
"Safeguarding the Watchers : In your travels, you might have encountered some of the expedition's watchers. They do the majority of the field work: documenting the unique inhabitants of the marsh, collecting samples, and making contact with sentient species.The safety of the watchers is paramount, <class>. We've had to recall the watchers we sent to explore Funggor Cavern to the south, because of marshbeast attacks. Warden Hamoot believes that killing their leader, Lord Klaq, will bring a swift end to the attacks."
"A Job Undone : Someone needs to find a way to make Reavij come to his senses! He's ignoring his duty and instead, he's devoting all his energy to getting my attention. I've tried ignoring him and telling him to stop. Nothing seems to work.Until he gets over this, I'm left cleaning up after him. He was supposed to have dealt with Sporewing, but I'll bet the monster is alive and well. If you have time, would you mind going to the western part of the Dead Mire and killing the bat? I'll deal with Reavij in the meantime."
"Scratches : The pictograms indicate using feathers to cast the spell at one of the circles of power in Veil Lashh.Confusing iconography seems to show an arakkoa being suffused with the spirit of a kaliri."
"The Shadowmoon Shuffle : <Borak looks you up and down.>This is going to be tricky, but I think I can make it work.I can disguise you as one of these Illidari blood elves, <name>. What I need first, though, are several pieces of their armor. It is imperative that the armor be clean. No blood stains! We want to avoid suspicion.Bring me the gear and I'll take care of the rest of the disguise.Once the disguise is assembled, you're going to deliver the message to the Grand Commander - in person."
"Digging Through Bones : Oy! You look like you can take care of yerself, <race>. Me and the crew here are looking for a bodyguard to watch over us while we hit a dig site to the north. The pay is pretty good and all you gotta do is make sure no nasty creatures kill me or any of my employees.If you successfully make it back without any casualties, Dwarfowitz over there will pay ya."
"Poaching from Poachers : Pardon me, but I couldn't help but overhear your conversation with Chawn.  I'd like to help.I'm studying the Blackwing Coven, and helping the druids in their dealings with them.I am very interested in acquiring a few of their dragon whelps; it would help us to gauge exactly what we're up against by understanding that which they revere.But first, we're going to need to acquire some nets.  I noticed that the wyrmcult poachers out in the Ruuan Weald have an abundance of them."
"The Sharpest Blades : The damp atmosphere of the marsh has taken a toll on my metal tools. It's made woodworking a lot more difficult than it ought to be, so I've given up on metal blades.It turns out that the marshfang slicers living to the south and west of town grow blades that are sharper than any steel I've ever owned. They're also resistant to rust and wear. It's just a little tricky to attach them to a handle, but I think I've got it figured out. I'd appreciate any blades you could bring me."
"Missing Friends : We broke down here because some guys came in the night and made a lot of noise.  It was scary.  I don't know when we are going to get moving again.  Some of my friends are missing though.  I don't know where they are.  I think those scary bird men took them away to the northwest.  They probably are all locked up in cages and stuff.  If you find them that would be great.  I'm kind of worried about them."
"Fumping : How would you like to do a little more work for the Explorers' League? These bone worms have us all quite intrigued.I've got a drum right here that you can use out in the Bone Wastes. Just bang on the damned thing and see what you get. If it's a worm, kill it and bring back the carcass for us to study. We'll need a good lot of carcasses to get a valid testing sample."
"The Pools of Aggonar : Much has changed since the days when we called this land Draenor.  Parts of the land have been forever changed by the demons' taint.One such place is known as the Pools of Aggonar.  It was once the location of our people's sacred springs.  The blood of the demon Aggonar fouled the very essence of the holy waters.  This fel blood has spawned foul beings that must be cleansed if we're ever to reclaim the pools.  Travel east of here and slay the Terrorfiends and slimes that wander the pools."
"Cursed Talismans : <name>, we cannot allow the Bleeding Hollow orcs to possess their cursed talismans!  You must acquire them for us so they may be disposed of, and so the soldiers who owned them may be honored for their sacrifices.Go to Zeth'Gor, the cursed abode of the Bleeding Hollow, and perform your grim task... return to me when you have collected the talismans."
"Hotter than Hell : It's not working, <lad/lass>.  I cannot give it enough heat... the materials will not be properly tempered.You know, the Fel Reavers used by the Burning Legion are powered by a scalding core of fel fire - it burns much hotter than normal fire.If you could find enough people to take one down, you could heat the mold in the insides of the fallen reaver.  Beware, <class>, those fel reavers pack quite a punch."
"The Annals of Kirin'Var : Silencing the spirits has not bled them of their aggression as we had hoped it would. The malevolent spirits you subdued have reemerged in the streets of the town.We must uncover what is causing this to happen. The destruction of Kirin'Var was just the beginning, or else the spirits would have been quieted by now.The town hall in the southern section of Kirin'Var maintained a logbook of all the residents. Last I heard, it was in the keeping of Battle-Mage Dathric. Perhaps his spirit still has it."
"Kick Them While They're Down : The news you've discovered is fortunate, <name>.  Not only do you get to waltz into Manaforge Duro unfettered, this also presents a great opportunity to deal a blow to Kael's army.Use the mana creature assault to your advantage and pick off any Sunfury stragglers you run into.I do not take particular glee in the senseless slaughter of my own kin the way that Thalodien does, but the tactical advantage here is too high to pass up."
"Natural Enemies : Us sporelings and the bog lords have never gotten along well.  In the past, we've managed to keep them at bay with spears and stones.  Lately they seem to have become more aggressive... or more desperate.  They do not fear us or our weapons.You are much scarier and better armed than us.  If you were to fight the boglords for us, we'd be forever in your debt!  Bring me their tendrils so I know how many you've killed."
"Ishanah's Help : The time has come to face Socrethar, <name>.  Confronting an eredar leader isn't something that's taken lightly among us.  A single mistake is likely to cost us our lives if we're ill-prepared.Take Socrethar's teleportation stone to High Priestess Ishanah at the Shrine of Unending Light in Shattrath City.  She will determine how we need to handle the situation."
"Missing Missive : Upon examining the battered leather case, it becomes apparent that the container's damage must've been caused by the caustic fluid of the worm's digestive tract. The leather appears to have been intricately tooled at one time, but the details of its adornment can no longer be made out.The only recognizable feature of the case is a worn logo of the Cenarion Circle. Knowing nothing about the contents of the case, you decide the best course of action would be to deliver it to a Circle member."
"Talbuk Mastery : I don't think that I'm up to the hunt today.  Do you think that you might take my place?I told Hemet that I was going to see about bagging us some of those talbuk that seem to be all over the place.  The stags are especially nice to hunt.  You can find them congregated around the nearby trees.Think that you could take care of that for me?"
"Dragonmaw Race: Wing Commander Ichman : Three years I spent in that hell hole. Three years a prisoner of war to the damnable Frostwolf Clan. Made to sit in their tower and listen to them endlessly whine about the bridge to Dun Baldar. About how it's ""unfair"" that blah, blah, blah, blah... War isn't fair! To hell with 'em all!The minute I was freed I left that place forever and came here to start a new life. Now Mulv and I are vying for the top orc spot. If you want it, you're gonna have to go through me, scrub.We go when you're ready."
"Capturing the Phylactery : I suppose an explanation is in order. You've met one of the archmage's apprentices, Ravandwyr, but there was also another named Naberius.He was an ardent student, but was drawn to necromancy. When Kael'thas appeared with his forces, Naberius seized the opportunity to betray the archmage, handing over the secrets to the tower's defense.Now, it seems, he has become a lich. If we are to stop him, we must capture his phylactery. Knowing him, he would've buried it somewhere out of sight in his domain."
"Against the Illidari : I still have respect for Illidan.  Without him I would not have found my path.He is not who he once was, however.  His soul has been corrupted by power, his mind has been twisted by defeat.  He has become what I am sworn to destroy and his pet servants, the Illidari, are as much of an abomination as any demon of the Burning Legion.His grasp on Outland is slipping yet his reach is still vast.  Prove you're not with him by slaying his lieutenant Lothros at Illidari Point in Shadowmoon Valley."
"The Ethereum : Directly south of here you will find the Ethereum Staging Grounds. The Ethereum are there, preparing for something... Perhaps an assault on Ultris.We can't take any chances, though, <class>. Break through their perimeter defenses and take out their training facility.Once you've destroyed their soldiers and Captain Zovax, locate Ethereum transponder Zeta and use it to establish contact with me to get your next set of orders."
"Stymying the Arakkoa : We need to show the arakkoa that they cannot attack our people with impunity. If we don't stop them here, the roads will no longer be safe for our merchants, couriers, or soldiers.My scouts have identified the leaders of each of the major arakkoa settlements in the area. Seek out Ashkaz, Ayit, and Urdak, in Veil Reskk, Veil Shienor, and Veil Skith and kill them."
"Messenger to the Feralfen : The time has come for us to embrace the Feralfen and teach them that the Light has not forsaken them. Take the potion I've prepared and carry it with you to the Boha'mu Ruins.Once you arrive at the ruins, drink the potion to assume the form of one of their bird spirits. Speak with Elder Kuruti and let him know the draenei are ready to welcome his people as our long lost brothers."
"Ango'rosh Encroachment : The small band of Broken you see here is a mission from a larger settlement in Nagrand. The Kurenai, as we call ourselves, are Broken who desire to reunite with our draenei brothers.My group has come here to strengthen Kurenai ties to the draenei of Telredor.If the Ango'rosh ogres have their way, this temple will not stand much longer. They have cleared the Hewn Bog of its towering mushrooms and draw ever closer to our refuge. If you would call yourself our friend, aid us in fighting this enemy."
"Speak with Rilak the Redeemed : You look surprised to be talking to me. I do not blame you. My people, the arakkoa, deserve to be feared.Speak with Rilak the Redeemed in Shattrath City if you wish to know more. He can be found in the northern part of the Lower City, with the other outcasts of Skettis.And, <name>, we will speak again."
"Solving the Problem : The appearance of the Murkblood in Nagrand has had a profound negative impact on our environment. The elementals are all in flux which has, in turn, greatly disturbed the wildlife. Worse yet, the razing of Sunspring Post has reignited the hatred that the orcs held for our people.While the Kurenai are a different tribe than the Murkblood, all an orc sees is Broken.We must make an effort to solve this dilemma. Travel to Sunspring Post, northwest of here, and resolve the Murkblood problem."
""
"The Nesingwary Safari : These orcs have never seen a tauren before - if you can believe such a thing. If it weren't for Captain Kroghan, they would have probably been serving me for their next meal right about now.But where are my manners? I am Ohlorn Farstrider, hunter extraordinaire! I am part of the Nesingwary expedition that came up here from Azeroth in search of big game. If you are interested in the hunt, perhaps you should visit my crew at the Nesingwary Safari, due east of here near the border of Zangarmarsh."
"Natural Armor : Maktu can always see a draenei approaching in his shiny armor from a mile away, even in this murky swamp!Maktu wants to laugh at them, but then he remembers that they have been kind to the Kurenai and he wants to teach them about how Kurenai make armor.The dark, scaly hides of the fenclaw thrashers make some of the best armor Maktu has ever worn. If <name> can bring Maktu some of these hides from the fenclaw thrashers deep in Serpent Lake, he'll be happy to share some of his armor."
"The Terror of Marshlight Lake : Traveling through naga-infested lands has shown me the cruel truth about how my less fortunate brethren are treated. At Marshlight Lake, to the southwest, I observed a particularly malicious taskmaster playing a deadly game. He orders his slaves out to the islands in Marshlight Lake when he knows that Terrorclaw, a giant bogstrok, is ready to feed.I needn't describe what results. We are too few to take on the naga directly, but we can deprive them of their amusement by killing their pet."
""
"Kroghan's Report : My original orders were to remain in Garadar for a short time, then continue on and report to Blood Guard Gulmok at Shadowmoon Village. What I've seen in my time here is that Garadar could benefit from a long term Horde liaison.I know that Blood Guard Gulmok needs all the troops he can get, but I know he'll understand that my mission here isn't yet complete. Travel to Shadowmoon Village, in northwestern Shadowmoon Valley, and inform Blood Guard Gulmok of my delayed arrival."
"Speak with Scout Neftis : I am informed that one of our scouts near Grangol'var Village is currently observing a shadowy band that has recently moved in there.<name>, I want you to speak with Scout Neftis and see how you can assist her in figuring out what this unknown group is up to.Just head south out of here, and then due west, skirting the north of the Bone Wastes.  Her last report puts her position near the southern entrance to the village."
"Seek Out Kirrik : Other arakkoa took part in the betrayal of Terokk.Kirrik recognized Terokk as a charlatan, not a prophet. The only prophecy Terokk envisioned was the doom borne of his own bidding.It was Kirrik who led us bravely from Skettis. After our pilgrimage to Shattrath, Kirrik traveled to the colonies in search of others.This missive tells of what the Eyes have seen. Kirrik must be told! Follow the road south out of Shattrath to the Bone Wastes and look for the caravan."
"A Curse Upon Both of Your Clans! : T'chali wants revenge on all of the ogres!T'chali was a powerful witch doctor in life.  If you reach into me grave you will find a wicked strong fetish.Invoke the fetish's magic at the entrances to the buildings and towers of both Bladespire Hold and Bloodmaul Outpost.  The voodoo you work will summon an evil spirit that you must defeat.  This in turn will curse that building.Beware, if you attempt to curse a building that is already cursed, you will call down another cursed spirit!"
"Kill Them All! : Commander <name>, stand at attention! You are to take a battalion of Skybreakers and sack the Scryers' outpost located at the foot of the Netherwing Fields. With the Sanctum of the Stars destroyed, our lines of communication to our posts at Eclipse Point and Illidari Point will once more be open.Go now! Use this flare gun to signal the Skybreakers for the attack!"
"The Boha'mu Ruins : Before my people were decimated by the orcs, Telredor served as a retreat for draenei anchorites and spiritualists. A small order of anchorites and vindicators maintained a number of shrines in this region.During the war, we lost contact with the anchorites assigned to the shrines, particularly the Boha'mu temple to the southwest. I've heard reports that a tribe of Lost Ones has settled in the area and may even be using the ruins. Visit the Boha'mu Ruins and tell me of what you find there."
"Trapping the Light Fantastic : The Razaani ethereals have been playing with some interesting technology at Razaan's Landing to the north.I'm sure they won't mind if you use this trap to take a few samples of their little pink floating light orbs?  They're probably only for decoration anyway.The trap has a special property to it that when opened should attract one of the floating balls towards it.  Of course, it'll probably also alert the Razaani to your presence."
"Gather the Orbs : The Razaani ethereals have strange devices that emit small, pink floating light orbs.  They remind me of souls.They are not to be confused with the large yellow balls that break free of the ethereal when they die, these are something else entirely.I'd like for you to head north to Razaan's Landing and drop some totems, which will attact the pink light orbs.Bring them back to me so that I might determine exactly what they are."
"Source of the Corruption : There was something wrong with those three, they had a fel taint about them that was... unsettling. I believe they were somehow woken later than the other risen. Curse the Legion and their meddling!  The reinforcements are streaming out of Black Rook Hold from Heroes' Rest. We must make our way there and see if we can stop the source of these new troops."
"A Cure for Zahlia : The woman to my right suffered a severe injury to the head.  She survived, but lost her eyesight.A traditional cure used among my people requires the blood of a very old basilisk.Unfortunately, due to poaching from various groups, Terokkar basilisks don't tend to live very long.There is one basilisk whose name I've known since I was a youngling.  It is known only as ""Stonegazer"" and it's rumored to live east of here, near the land's edge.Bring me its blood so that Zahlia may see once again."
"Boiling Blood : That last experiment was not a complete loss -- I did save a small bit of the blood you brought me.  Now boiled down, it should be free of whatever curses the Bleeding Hollow witches placed on their people's blood.I need more for study.  Go gather Bleeding Hollow blood from the orcs in Zeth'Gor.  When you've gathered the blood, bring it to their cursed cauldron and boil it.  Bring me the boiled blood."
"The Art of Fel Reaver Maintenance : The best way to destroy the rest of the Legion's supplies is to use their own weapons against them. I've been working on a rig that will let you take control of one of those Fel Reaver Sentinels below.There are a couple things I need to work out, yet. For that, I'll need the manual that Doctor Gutrick keeps locked in a chest at the bottom of the ramp. He probably won't give up the key without a fight, so you'll need to capture it. Bring the fel reaver manual back to me and I'll do the rest!"
"Spectrecles : I call them ""Spectrecles."" Clever, no? When you equip these goggles, you will be able to see the spirits of Shadowmoon Valley.Before I let you have them, though, you must promise me that you will help us clear out the ghosts at the village.Take the goggles and destroy any and all spirits that you see wandering about Shadowmoon Village. Hopefully, destroying these spirits will force any that remain to move elsewhere."
"Reclaiming Holy Grounds : You did well against the Broken in Baa'ri, <name>.  Let's see how well you do against Illidan's most feared army.The fel orcs of the Shadowmoon Clan occupy the Ata'mal Terrace, once a very holy site where ata'mal crystals were used in spiritual ceremonies.We had reason to believe they were hiding an actual ata'mal crystal in the vicinity, but our scrying has revealed nothing.  Nevertheless, the fel orcs are on draenei holy ground and their presence must be dealt with."
"Armaments for Deception : You will need to steal Kil'sorrow armaments from Kil'sorrow Fortress if my plan is to work.Search the fortress for crates of Kil'sorrow armaments. Bring whatever you can find to me.Kil'sorrow Fortress is located directly south and a little to the west of the Burning Blade Ruins."
"The Master Planner : All forge camps have a master planner. The master planner dictates what types of structures are present at a forge camp and how each structure is situated. Moreover, this information is kept on a set of blueprints that the planner carries around on their person.We need the master planner's blueprints. Armed with such exacting information, we could persuade an acquaintance of mine to lend some assistance.Find the mo'arg master planner and take his blueprints. He will be stationed behind the forges."
""
"Shutting Down Manaforge Ara : One manaforge is all that keeps Tempest Keep functional.  After we bring Manaforge Ara down, Kael will have to resort to depleting whatever energy he's got stored up.Travel to Manaforge Ara, in the northwest, and deliver the final blow that we need by shutting it down.The last access crystal is in the possession of Overseer Azarad.  Be warned that we expect heavy opposition in the last of Kael's functional manaforges.  You're likely to need the assistance of reliable friends."
"Arakkoa War Path : The arakkoa have attacked us again, this time striking in the night and then using their dark magic to escape before we could charge out to meet them in numbers.  They use their summoning circles to rescue their warriors from certain death but they cannot run from us if we attack their homes.  Veil Reskk and Veil Shienor lie to the north and northeast.  Find these arakkoa nests and kill as many as you can."
"Alicia's Poem : Hi, I wrote a poem for my friend Caylee.  She likes to hang out with the Aldor in Shattrath City.  You know, in Outland?Could you take my poem to her?  My mommy says I'm too young to go to Shattrath City!"
"Malevolent Remnants : Most of the spirits in the village are little more than pale remnants of Kirin Tor mages. They retain no knowledge of their former selves and wander the ruins in blind anger.It wasn't always like this, though. In the immediate aftermath of the attack, the spirits were restless, but not spiteful. With the passage of time they have only grown more aggressive. I dare not venture into the southern part of the village, for they will not spare even me. Quiet them and let us hope it will purge their anger."
"Bloodgem Crystals : Kael's magisters have refined their usage of mana crystals to the point where they can siphon large amounts of energy in a matter of seconds.They do this by attuning smaller bloodgem crystal shards to larger, fully charged ones.Go to Manaforge B'naar and obtain one of these shards from a Sunfury magister and use it to siphon energy from one of the larger crystals.Return to me so that I may study the effects of the aura.  Do not worry; any side effects should be temporary."
"Hitting the Motherlode : Now that we've got a good baseline product, we're going to need something of higher quality. Certainly the farahlite we've gathered so far is nice, but I know there's better out there.We'll have to get a sample directly from Cragskaar, the patriarch of the Farahlon giants! You should be able to find it among the other giants in the Netherstone area. It's got huge pieces of farahlite jutting from its back and that's exactly what we need. Fell the giant and collect a farahlite core from it."
"Captain Tyralius : Captain Tyralius took a platoon of soldiers south towards the Ethereum Staging Grounds 10 days ago. We haven't heard from him or his crew since.Chances are good that they were ambushed and killed but I'm getting a curious reading from my instruments.I think it's a distress signal but these things have been wrong before. If Tyralius is still alive, they're keeping him in one of their prisons. You'll have to locate the prison and open it with a key, probably found on the warden."
"Marking the Path : With the rock flayer population thinned, all that's left is to signal the safe path to our pilgrims.  Return to the Great Fissure with this torch and seek the three beacons that mark the path from the east.Light the three beacons and return to me.  Be warned that the beacons will attract any nearby rock flayers when you first light them."
"Vision Guide : <race> fool.  You almost destroyed the drum!I've worked too hard to get here, and my hands have been empty up until now.  At least you were able to succeed where the others only met with failure, or worse.It is time to evoke a vision that will lead you to the last relic that I have been seeking.Take this fiery fragment of my soul.  Use it to transform your body into flame and denature your spirit into a vision guide that will shoot forth to reveal the location of the final Thunderlord relic."
"The Spirit Polluted : Watoosun was able to shed the stink of corruption; but in doing so, created a twisted spirit essence. A spirit essence composed of the vilest corruption found amongst the elements!You will find this polluted spirit of the swamp southwest of here, hidden in the depths of Lake Sunspring.Find and destroy the polluted essence of Watoosun and any corrupt offspring that it may have created."
"The Throne of the Elements : Greetings, <race>. I am Yal'hah, elementalist of the Earthen Ring. I have come to Garadar to inform the Mag'har of the state of the elements.Could I ask a favor of you? Would you travel to the Throne of the Elements in the northern hills of Nagrand, beyond Skysong Lake, and tell elementalist Sharvak that I have arrived at Garadar safely? She will surely reward you for this small deed."
"The Elusive Ironjaw : Now that I have the fur I'll need for the trim, I've been thinking that the pelt of a particular wolf would make a good hood for my cloak. Imagine seeing your enemy clad in the pelt of the most cunning predator in the forest!I've tried trapping old Ironjaw without success. I've tried cornering him, outsmarting him, and baiting him. None of it has worked.He stalks the northeastern reaches of the forest, and I'd gladly reward you if you could succeed where I have failed."
"Felling an Ancient Tree : WANTED!Stronglimb Deeproot, ancient of war and chief defender of the Living Grove south of Sylvanaar.Find him by heading west across the bridge that traverses the Bloodmaul Ravine.Return his hewn trunk to Tor'chunk Twoclaws inside the Thunderlord Stronghold inn."
"Creating the Pendant : The arakkoa of Ruaan Weald elevate from their flock the Harbingers of the Raven, the heralds of their god.They believe that the Harbingers watch over them from the sky, where they receive the teachings of the Raven, and descend to pass this message along.The Harbingers hold a powerful sway over the souls of the arakkoa. They use magical pendants, which we need.Attract one of the Harbingers by slaying its flock and taking their claws. Place the claws upon the altar to get his attention."
"The Dark Missive : The text on the note is written in some dark, indecipherable scrawl. The more you stare at them, the more the symbols seem to twist and burn before your eyes. There is only one at Honor Hold who can decipher such archaic script - the draenei mystic, Kryv. Take the Burning Legion Missive to Warp-Scryer Kryv who resides within the War-Room at Honor Hold."
"Diagnosis: Critical : If Mehrdad's results are correct -- and I have no reason to believe they're faulty -- then the rest of the domes could be in trouble.I do think Mehrdad has failed to identify the underlying cause of the failures. From time to time, creatures damage the generators, but never this severely.To be on the safe side, I'd like for you to run a set of diagnostics at the Stormspire's main dome generator, located in Eco-Dome Sutheron at the very eastern edge of the dome."
"Uncatalogued Species : Lauranna must've missed this particular plant.  You're certain you've discovered a species not yet catalogued by Lauranna's work.  You'd best show it to her to see what she makes of it."
"Bound for Glory : Now I can properly send you back to Shattrath City.  You've uncovered evidence of Kael'thas making pacts with the Burning Legion and you've got the key to the overlord's back door.Make sure Voren'thal doesn't topple over with excitement from the news - the old man's getting a bit fragile, if you know what I mean.  You'll find him inside the Seer's Library at the Scryer's Tier."
"An Outside Perspective : Thank you for everything you have done for my people, but they are still scared of outsiders.  Fight the bog lords and rescue the spore sacs in the Spawning Glen. The future of my people is at stake!"
"What Came First, the Drake or the Egg? : I'm researching the applications of drake essences to my work as a physician.  I think they could be a panacea for a host of maladies!I need someone to go south to the Singing Ridge and get me some.Willing to take my temporal phase modulator and use it on the nether whelps that hatch from the nether drake eggs?  Retrieve the essences from whatever they turn into.Which, I might add, I'm not certain of what that will be as we're using some pretty dicey, time  and space modifying tech here."
"A Boaring Time for Grulloc : <name>, I have a pet boar named Huffer. He wants to help you to have some fun with one of the nearby sons of Gruul.Grulloc inhabits a place known as the Cursed Hollow. When you get there, let Huffer loose. The gronn will have a fine time chasing him around, and you will retrieve the bag that he guards and deliver it to Baron Sablemane.To get to the Cursed Hollow, head down the northern ramp and east through Dragons' End. The hollow is on the eastern edge."
"Besieged! : Don't let your guard down, <race>. We're under constant assault from the Burning Legion.From their base of Legion Hold to the northwest, the demons rain down a ceaseless stream of infernals. As quickly as we can kill them, the new meteors impact and begin a new wave of attacks.My men are ragged and exhausted. I don't know how much longer they'll hold out. Please, <name>, lend your help to our defenses. Take your place on the line and halt the advance of the infernals!"
"An Audience with the Prince : Nexus-Prince Haramad has conveyed to me that he is interested in the immediate return of this property to him personally.  I would greatly appreciate if you would deliver it in my stead.It is a great honor to gain an audience with the nexus-prince, and I am sure that he would be keenly interested in hearing the tales of your adventures here in the Netherstorm.Seek out his chamber atop the Stormspire to the north.  He is often present as a holographic image, which you may address."
"Potential for Brain Damage = High : They're using relays to transfer information around the staging grounds.There is only one way for you to see these relays and extract the information they hold. Unfortunately, doing so may cause you irreparable brain damage.If you're still interested, you'll need to slay Ethereum here at the staging grounds and take their essences. Once you have an essence, drink it down. It will temporarily allow you to see an Ethereum relay - giving you enough time to destroy a relay and extract its information."
"Atonement : Our history with the orcs is one of constant conflict, <name>.  We were once near driven to extinction due to their bloodlust and have since then avoided them even when not under demonic influence.Yet, this retaliation... it's not what Sedai would've wanted.  Speak with our elder, Amaan the Wise.  He will help shed light on these events."
"The Encroaching Wilderness : We've been growing the Living Grove at an accelerated rate, but somehow the lynxes there have become lost to our control.Where once their population was stable, the grovestalker lynxes are now beginning to encroach upon Sylvanaar, and there have been a number of unpleasant incidents of late.I suspect that the arakkoa of Veil Lashh are somehow behind it, but the immediate issue is with the lynxes themselves.I would be most grateful if you would help us to deal with this situation."
"Honor the Fallen : Hogarth, the commander of the Armory, is in the eastern tower.  You must report your victory over Urtrak to him.  Perhaps he will be friendly?  Of course he may try to consume your soul.  One can never tell with spirits such as these. The Unyielding are still against us and will no doubt kill you if they can.  Be careful <name>."
"Setting Up the Bomb : We cannot permit the Legion to carry out its plan to destroy Wildhammer Stronghold on their march to the Black Temple.There's only one way to stop them, <name>. You must create an explosive large enough to destroy the Legion's entire stockpile of infernals at the hold.The Fetid Pool near Legion Hold holds an old fel reaver power core you could use as the base of your device. Search the other wreckage near the fel reaver for armor plating we might be able to make a casing from."
"The Ring of Blood: The Blue Brothers : This next battle involves a duo - twin brothers to be precise. They call themselves the ""Blue Brothers.""It's not too late to chicken out, <name>. I'd certainly understand.But if you're ready for some action, step in the Ring of Blood and wait for the Murkblood twins to arrive.Last one standing is the winner!"
"It's Just That Easy? : <Sal'salabim points to the blueprint.>You see where fel cannons are?<Sal'salabim draws an arrow denoting a change of direction.>You turn fel cannon around and use on structures.Wait! Don't be mad! One thing you not know. Overseers have key to turn cannons. You need key first! One from each overseer!Not so easy, eh?Take information back to Altruis."
"Measuring Warp Energies : If our instincts are right and these manaforges have been made using technology from Tempest Keep, then all of Outland could be in grave danger.Tempest Keep's energy-recharging mechanisms were never supposed to be used this close to the land.  The warp energies are capable of destroying this very land, even when contained within Kael's pipelines.Take this orb to Manaforge B'naar; it is attuned to measure warp energies.  Use it at the pipelines' ends, where they go into the earth."
"Cabal Orders : This message bears a dark seal and though the language seems somewhat familiar, it appears to be encoded.Perhaps someone at the Refugee Caravan will know something about it."
"Rediscovering Your Roots : My stocks are presently sufficient, but I'll need plenty of razorthorn roots to keep up with the demand.Collecting the roots is difficult, but I know a special method of extraction.Using the glands of the Razorthorn flayers, one can control a ravager there and use it to expose a root.To find the roots, travel to Outlands and fly northeast from Shattrath until you reach Razorthorn Rise.Return to me, <name>, once you have collected five of the roots."
"Did You Get The Note? : The cultist dropped this note, which apparently was to be delivered to Overseer Nuaar.  It is signed by someone named Kolphis Darkscale.It is likely that Tree Warden Chawn will be interested in looking at this."
"Gorgrom the Dragon-Eater : We must show the ogres that we are not to be trifled with. We must send a message.Travel to Boulder'mok and kill the ogres there. Make sure you keep their heads.Then go to Gorgrom's altar and place the trap there for him. Gorgrom will appear, and you must lure him into the trap. When he is dead, mount your grisly totems near his corpse, so that the ogres may look at their fallen master and their fallen brothers, and know the price for seeking to destroy us."
"The Hound-Master : Baelmon the Hound-Master must die!  He maintains the ritual that keeps the portal functioning.The Death's Door portal is located at the north end of the canyon.  When you find it, you will find Baelmon.You're going to need help on this one, so take this wand.  When you battle the Hound-Master, use it and a couple of my friends will come to your aid.After you have defeated Baelmon, return to Wildlord Antelarion.And, <name>, thank you for all that you've gone through for us here."
"The Rod of Lianthe : The totem alone is not strong enough to counteract the sinister magics of the dark conclave.We can combine it with other objects of power, forming a staff to focus the energies. We cannot rescue my brethren from the depths of their depravity, but we can stop them.One of the items I need for the staff is the Rod of Lianthe, held by the blood elves at Eclipse Point to the southeast. It is kept in a pavilion on the top tier of the ruins and will be heavily guarded. Use caution, <name>."
"An Improper Burial : Is there nothing that can be done to stem the tide of corruption? My soldiers have been battling the Auchenai for days now with no end in sight. Each casualty, whether Auchenai or Sha'tar, is snatched from the battlefield - their souls lifted and taken to parts unknown.I will not have it! A proper burial is out of the question but those fiends will not have their souls! Take this torch and travel to the field of battle, directly east of here. Burn every corpse you see! We will not fuel their rituals."
"Ishaal's Almanac : This mysterious tome was on Talonpriest Ishaal's body.  It contains arcane symbols and charts of celestial bodies beyond your comprehension.All writing is in a language you don't understand; likely an ancient version of the arakkoa written tongue.  Perhaps you should bring this to Sky Commander Adaris."
"Return to the Scryers : This book... I could use it to increase my power tenfold...  No!  It would end up corrupting my very soul, this I am sure of.  Return to those who sent you here, <name>.You now have the means to stop Varedis.  Wait until he manifests his demonic form through metamorphosis, at that point you will need to burn the book in his presence.  That will be the only way you can deprive him of his power."
"Returning the Favor : Now you must plant the seed of war in the fat, useless heads of the Warmaul. To the northwest, near the mountains, you will find the Laughing Skull Ruins.<Lantresor points into the crate of armaments you brought him.>Do you recognize those banners? They are Kil'sorrow banners. I want you to take a stack of Kil'sorrow banners and plant them on the corpses of Warmaul ogres. Remember, northwest is where you will find the ogres."
"A Strange Weapon : You pull the stone axe out of the body to examine it more closely.  There's something unusual about the craftsmanship of the weapon.Its origin appears orcish, though the materials aren't like anything you've seen before.  Nazgrel might be interested in seeing the weapon."
"Agitated Spirits of Skysong : The disturbance in the ebb and flow of the waters of Nagrand has greatly agitated the water spirits of Skysong Lake. They have in turn begun sowing destruction throughout the waterways of the area.Watoosun of the Water has come to us in a vision and granted us permission to remedy the problem - so long as the source of the disturbance is also dealt with...We will get to the source, but first you must deal with the problems immediate to the Throne. Destroy the agitated lake spirits and return to me."
"Vile Idolatry : With our leadership in ruin, we are left open to attacks from all sides. The foul Murkblood tribe could not have picked a better time to attack us!In recent days, we have been subject to no less than 5 assaults from the Broken. They have even taken over our only other territorial holding in the area: Sunspring Post.We must strike and show them that we are not powerless! Strike down the vile idolaters and bring me their twisted idols of worship so that they may ride the lightning."
"A Strange Vision : I've had a most unusual vision, <name>, and I don't know quite what to make of it. I've seen an arrow, an immense arrow, riding into the sky on a trail of fire. Such a feat is trivial for a skilled mage, but somehow I know the arrow I saw is not the product of magic.It will be unlike anything the people of Azeroth have ever achieved. You must seek out the people working on this, <name>. Lend them your help, for without it, their efforts may yet fail."
"A Personal Favor : Hmmm?  A box you say?  Or was it several?  Do you know what material the box was constructed from?And what was the name of this merchant?  Empoor?  Are you certain that he's one of the Broken?  I don't do much business with their kind.Perhaps my memory would be jogged if you were to do me a favor?The Skithian arakkoa - primitive casters that they are - recently stole a huge shipment of my more exotic goods.  I want it all back!You can find Veil Skith just to the south of Shattrath City."
"Burn It Up... For the Horde! : I'm a lucky, lucky goblin.  I get to make explosives and killing machines, knowing they'll be used immediately on important missions!Speaking of missions, I just got one from Thrallmar command: burn the Alliance cannons on the far side of the Path of Glory... the ones pointing dangerously close to Horde fortifications.  Take this torch and make your way to each cannon.  Fire the torch and watch the sparks fly!"
"Spinebreaker Post : <name>, my equipment here is, unfortunately, not configured for all the tests I'd like to perform.  However, my colleague at Spinebreaker Post, Apothecary Albreck, possesses the required implements.I have acquired a sample of Bleeding Hollow blood -- gained from a past mission of Thrallmar's agents.  Take the sample to Albreck and allow him to study it.To reach Spinebreaker Post, speak with Wing Commander Brack, near the wyverns to the south."
"Spleendid! : Have you ever heard of food that cooks itself and stays hot forever? Dare to dream, I say!But maybe it's not a dream at all! Outside the fortress, near the lava pools and streams, you can find beasts that thrive in the sizzling heat. They're called felfire diemetradons.The dwarves around here tell me that those diemetradons have the tastiest spleens ever and that the spleens practically come pre-cooked! Bring me those spleens and I'll give you some coin.Start your search directly east of here."
"Because Kilrath is a Coward : Take what you have learned and tell Jorin at Garadar. I can assure you that he won't be happy to know that our village was destroyed and many of our people killed because the ogres needed more space.May the ancestors watch over you... I will be hiding in the bushes if you need me for anything else."
"Corki's Ransom : <Arechron shows you a grime covered letter.>I just received this letter. It's from a clan of ogres known as Warmaul that rule the northwestern lands of Nagrand. It says that they have Corki and if we don't cooperate, they're going to eat him. Admittedly, Corki is a moron, but he's still my blood. Will you rescue him, <name>?I presume that he's locked up in a cage somewhere on Warmaul Hill. That should be your first stop."
""
"Clues in the Thicket : I have no idea what killed all of the druids here.  I've been away for a couple of days on a survey of the Bone Wastes to the south.Please, you must help me to uncover what's behind this horrible tragedy.  Go into the thicket and look for a clue that might reveal something to us.  When I was in there briefly, I could have sworn I saw a dead Broken and a strange object next to him. And don't worry about Treelos - he might have been driven insane by what happened, but I think he's mostly harmless."
"The Trappings of a Vindicator : I know it's strange, but I do want to stay in this cage.  It gives me the perfect opportunity to do what I came here for; to gather information on the Bladespire.I can leave at any time, but I would like to have my sword and shield back.Two of their leaders have my trappings.  Droggam has my sword and Mugdorg has my shield.If you have need, obtain and use the brew from Bloodmaul Outpost to the south to thin out their help and entice those two, but beware their sober guards who don't drink!"
"The Sketh'lon Wreckage : The Sketh'lon Wreckage, just to the east, is an eerie place. The peons are convinced that it's cursed.There are few trees here, so the peons have no choice but to venture into the arakkoa ruins to chop wood. The arakkoa spirits prey on the work groups, draining their life and using it to fuel their foul magics.We must find out what is driving the dark conclave and stop them before their influence expands. Search the Sketh'lon Wreckage for evidence of their plans."
""
"Standards and Practices : If you're venturing into the Burning Blade Ruins, I have a task for you. Take these Mag'har battle standards and place them at three distinct locations in the ogre compound. An area of high visibility is recommended. Look for the gigantic flaming pyres on the upper levels. Place a standard near the first, second, and third Burning Blade pyres.The standard will leave a lasting impression upon any ogres who may have missed the battle."
"Bleeding Hollow Supply Crates : The Boulderfist have moved the supplies they stole from our village to the twin clefts of Nagrand, found west of here in the Halaani Basin.While you are in the area, keep your eye out for the supply crates. If we can get those back, it would ease much of the burden that has fallen upon the matrons of Garadar."
"Overlord Gorefist : The centerpiece of any ogre tribe is its leader. Without leadership, the Ango'rosh's organization will disappear and they'll resort to infighting to determine who will lead next.Although we've seen the ogres out and about in this area, their true strength is concentrated in their Ango'rosh Stronghold to the northwest. It's located in a cave on a small island connected to the marsh by a fallen mushroom.Go there and defeat Overlord Gorefist. That should provide us with a well-deserved respite."
"Wind Trader Lathrai : I was asked to pick up and deliver some boxes of goods from an ethereal in Shattrath City.Last I saw him, he was standing outside of the World's End Tavern in Lower City.  His name is Wind Trader Lathrai, and that's all that I know!Want more answers, go talk with him!"
"The Bladespire Ogres : To the north of the Bloodmaul clan lies a threat more grave:  Bladespire Hold.The Bladespire ogres are the strongest clan in the mountains, having the favor of the gronn known as Gruul the Dragonkiller, and his seven sons.Now that we've dealt with winnowing the Bloodmaul, it is time to turn our eye upon their rivals.From Bloodmaul Hold head north through the ravine until you come to Bladespire Hold and the Bladespire Grounds.  Slay as many of the Bladespire ogres therein as you can."
"Expedition Point : Your battle prowess has been noted by high command, <class>. They want to send you to the front lines to meet up with Rohamus's crew. They're radicals, devoted to the complete extermination of the Burning Legion, so you may fit right in...Head east about 400 paces, across the Valley of Bones, until you run into a destroyed fel reaver. You'll see Expedition Point where a Legion base used to stand. Once there, you are to report to Forward Commander Kingston.Now move out!"
"The Agitated Ancestors : Do you see them walking around us? The Ancestral Grounds are normally quiet and undisturbed.As of late, the ancestral spirits have risen and are extremely agitated. Something is causing a great disturbance to the spirits. We must discover what that something could be, but first, we must put the immediate threat to rest.These ghosts that you see walking about are not truly the ancestors but a representation of their state of being. You must destroy the agitated orc spirits. Do this and return to me."
"Deceive thy Enemy : For every moment I hear silence, you draw closer to your death! SPEAK!What? The camp has revolted? This cannot possibly be true! My minions would not dare undermine my authority.Well then, every last one of them will pay for this treachery, they will pay dearly. Silence them all and be done with it! Report back to me once you have carried out my order or you shall be dealt with."
"He Will Walk The Earth... : Will you do me one last honor, <name>? I do not wish to return to Garadar. I believe that my destiny lies elsewhere - that I will serve a greater purpose someday.Please, return to Farseer Corhuk and tell him that I will not be returning. That I cannot return. I must walk the earth... He will understand."
"A Mission of Mercy : We salvaged this prison orb on our last scouting mission into Ethereum territory. We'd have never found it had it not been for the distress signal that it was faintly emitting.We think one of our own might be locked up in there but we have no way of opening the orb up without harming whatever is inside.What we know about the Ethereum is that any of their members could - at any given time - be carrying a key to unlock an orb. Retrieve one and return so that we may uncover the mysteries of this orb."
"Unfinished Business : The first expedition the league sent reported encountering a gigantic spore bat they'd taken to calling Sporewing. They had to leave in a hurry, so they didn't have the chance to kill him while they were here, so I figured I'd finish the job for them.What's left of their report suggests that the creature can be found in the southwestern parts of the Dead Mire. I think Vindicator Idaar mentioned that it's to the northeast of Telredor."
"Gaining Access : According to Razuun's orders, the massive infernal staging area is called Invasion Point: Cataclysm and it's nestled in the northern mountains. The only way to reach it is by using a teleporter located at Legion Hold.Certain members of the Legion host carry devices allowing them to activate the teleporters. You must capture one of these devices to win access to the teleporter. Slaughter all of the demons if you must, but you can't afford to return empty-handed."
"The Second Course... : I remember seeing larger diemetradons east of the Hand of Gul'dan, near the lava flows around the Ruins of Baa'ri. What I want you to get for me now is one overdeveloped felfire gizzard from the beasts around that area. You might have to kill several to find a gizzard like the one I described. Keep at it! One of them is bound to have my next meal."
"Invaluable Asset Zapping : See the fissure running through Area 52?  We did that!  <grin>It's yielding up all sorts of goodies for the X-52 Nether-Rocket, but we're running short on equipment.We had an operation at the Arklon Ruins to the southeast until the Burning Legion moved in.  I need you to take this Ultra Deconsolodation Zapper to the ruins.  Use it to beam our gear back to Lead Sapper Blastfizzle down in the fissure.Junior Technician 3rd Grade <name>, this is your chance for that promotion.  Don't blow it!"
"There's No Explanation for Fashion : <Magasha chuckles softly to herself.>I bet if they knew they were wearing bug parts, the fashion trend would end very quickly.We first started killing the bugs 'round here 'cause they were getting in the way of our construction. Some enterprising merchant stops here, spends the night, and next thing you know he's buyin' up all the bug wings we have!Says he makes clothes out of 'em. I be stickin' to my armor, thanks. But if you gather the wings of any of the fireflies, I'll gladly buy 'em."
"Taken in the Night : Our small outpost is under constant attack. Several nights ago, we were raided by the spiders of Netherweb Ridge, on the southeastern edge of the Bone Wastes. They poisoned many of our people, wrapped them in webs and carried them away. Some of our warriors took up arms and with little preparation pursued the spiders.We have not seen the captives or our hunting parties since. We hope that some may still be alive, perhaps imprisoned by the spiders.  Our numbers are few. Will you search for our people?"
"Protecting Our Own : With the magical dust you recovered, I have fashioned a magic ointment that will aid in our own defenses.Our dire wolves are the perfect combination of mount, sentry and friend, but the Alliance scum have been poaching them in the Jagged Ridge.<name>, I want you to take this ointment and apply it to our dire wolf friends.  The Alliance will get a rude surprise the next time that they send one of their hunting parties.Be aware though that some of the wolves may not like this, and will turn on you."
"Arrival in Outland : I want you to speak with Amish Wildhammer, standing about 30 paces south of us, and catch the first flight to Honor Hold. When you arrive at Honor Hold, you'll be greeted by Marshal Isildor. I have prepared a report detailing our situation here.  Give him the report, and tell him you're ready for duty.You have your orders, soldier, now move out!  And though your blood must be burning to help us against the fiends below, waste no time here.  Honor Hold needs you even more."
"The Exorcism of Colonel Jules : <name>, it is time to save Colonel Jules.  His condition has worsened and Barada fears that, if we do not cleanse him of his corruption,  he will be lost to us.Take the prayer beads you found and speak with Anchorite Barada to begin the ritual.  Let no disruptions stop the ritual... and if all goes well, Colonel Jules will be saved.  Speak with Jules when he is saved, then return to me."
"Blast the Gateway : We have to shut down this gateway to stop Legion reinforcements to the Isle of Quel'Danas.Take these embers, they contain one of my creations: a living flare.  It is designed to act as a powerful destructive force - as long as it has been provided enough energy.Find the fel sparks that wander the area and slay them near the living flare.  The flare will grow in power each time, until it becomes unstable.Once you've achieved this bring the flare to the gateway.  It will know what to do."
"A Visit With The Ancestors : I need for you to journey to the villages of the ancestors, <name>. Seek each one out and see if the ancestors remain.Visit Sunspring Post to the north, visit the Laughing Skull Ruins far to the north against the mountains, visit Garadar to the northeast, and finally, visit the Bleeding Hollow Ruins on the borders of Nagrand and the Terokkar Forest, to the east.Return to me once you have observed the ancestors in their homes."
"And Now, the Moment of Truth : The oil is finally ready for its first test. It seems heavy enough to serve as a high quality weapon oil.The only way to find out is to have a professional try it out. See Grek over there by the wanted posters? Sure, he's no poet, but the orc knows his way around a weapon!Take a sample of the oil to him and ask him to use it on his weapon. After he's had a chance to test it out, let me know what he thinks of it."
"The Ring of Blood: Rokdar the Sundered Lord : This fight is gonna be painful, <name>. Do you have any friends that are brave enough to help you out? The ogres managed to get a giant from Blade's Edge named Rokdar! Trust me, you're gonna need friends, he seems unbeatable! He's hard as a rock - literally!If you still want to fight him, step into the Ring of Blood and he will come."
""
"Bonechewer Blood : Bonechewers!  They should all die!  The sight of their red skin and depravity makes my blood boil!I have a mission for you, <name>.  Kill Bonechewer orcs and collect their vile blood.  There is an apothecary who needs the blood for her tests, so we can discover how these orcs fell to the demon taint, a taint from which we so recently freed ourselves.Bonechewers scavenge near the ruined battlements along the Path of Glory, to the south.  Return to me when your mission is complete."
"The Consortium Needs You! : My organization, the Consortium, is looking for a few resourceful individuals just like yourself.  You'll be hard pressed to find ethereals more honest, hard-working or pleasant to be around than us.All we require is loyalty, dedication and a reasonable amount of moral flexibility.  If you're interested, speak to Gezhe, our ground operations leader.  You will find him at Aeris Landing, north of Oshu'gun."
"The Twin Clefts of Nagrand : You made a strong showing, <name>. Are you ready for more?I have received reports of a large contingent of Boulderfist ogres hidden in the twin clefts of Nagrand, northwest of here in the Halaani Basin.Venture forth to the clefts and deal with the remaining Boulderfist ogres."
"Return to the Greatmother : Return to Greatmother Geyah at Garadar with news of your victory, <name>. This will surely lift the spirits of the Mag'har. Perhaps even the young Hellscream will be lifted from his malaise."
"What Are These Things? : I don't know about you, but I have no idea what all of those things are.  I do know one thing though - they look dangerous!<name>, I think you should take this box of parts to Jenai Starwhisper at the Allerian Stronghold to the southeast.  She may have some idea of what these are."
"Outside Assistance : The Sunfury briefings support the theory that Kael'thas has been receiving outside help in constructing and running these manaforges.  Who this is remains a bit of a mystery, though we're likely to find out in Manaforge Ara.I've sent a group of my men to scout the surrounding area.  Go to Tuluman's Landing, north of here, and speak to Kaylaan.  See what he's discovered at Manaforge Ara.  Find out who is assisting the Sunfury army and take care of them."
"Idols of the Feralfen : From what you've told me about your observations at the Boha'mu Ruins, it seems this tribe of Lost Ones has reverted to the worship of animal spirits. Before we can approach them, we must know more of their beliefs.Return to Feralfen Village and discreetly gather some of their idols so that I may study them. Try to avoid angering them, <name>, as it may hurt our chances of making contact with them."
"I Work... For the Horde! : Would you believe it?  These orcs hired me to help them shore up damaged fortifications and build explosives.  What a dream job!  It's too bad we're so short on materials, but a clever goblin like myself learns how to make do!Can you help me?  I need salvaged wood and metal from the ruined battlements along the Path of Glory.  Go down there and salvage, and watch out for those red-skinned orcs!When you're done, come back for big rewards!"
"Return to Thrallmar : Hope you enjoyed your flight, friend. A messenger arrived while you were away - seems Nazgrel's got a new use for you. You'd best head back to Thrallmar and check in with him. I have a feeling the Legion's just getting warmed up."
"Stealing from Thieves : Nexus Prince Haramad has ordered us to not begin work inside of Oshu'gun as it might anger a certain powerful naaru.  Sort of puts a damper on our operation.I think I might've found a loophole, however.You see, we're not the only ethereals drawn to this colossal diamond.  A thief called Gava'xi has led a band of rogue ethereals into Oshu'gun and they've begun to dislodge large fragments from it.Your job, <race>, is to go there and retrieve what is rightfully ours."
"I Must Have Them! : Do you see them?? By Gazlowe's horrific halitosis, I will have those eggs! Say, you look like you might be of some use.I'll tell you what, <race>; if you gather a few items for me to make my Jump-a-tron 4000 functional, I'll give you a key that will let you operate the machine as well! What can you do with a Jump-a-tron 4000 you say? What can't you do is more like it...I'll need air elemental gas from the air elementals of Nagrand. They're all over the place so don't ask me where to find 'em!"
"Aldor No More : My mission here is finished.  I did what Orelis ordered me to - I've never failed to.No more.  I foresee a great carnage - a crusade, they'll call it - following the news of this alliance between Kael'thas and the Burning Legion.First they give our holiest city away to our enemies and then they ask us to die fighting their enemies.  Go back to Orelis; tell him the naaru can fight their own fights from now on."
"A Mystifying Vision : A strange vision haunts me, <name>. I see a continuous cloud of smoke ascending toward the sky, left in the wake of a giant fire moving ever faster away. It is not a natural phenomenon, nor a creation of evil; that much I know.I have no knowledge of what it looks like, save that it is the product of the labor of many. Yet, without more hands, it may never come to be.Travel to Netherstorm, <class>. Locate those responsible for this creation and offer them your aid."
"Hungry Nether Rays : Nether rays are surprisingly loyal and obedient once properly trained.  Unfortunately the war on Skettis is taking a toll on them.We have dozens of sorties a day - the poor fellows rarely get a break.  And with recent shortages on feed, if those blasted birdmen don't kill them on a mission then starvation will.If you can lend a hand, take one of our rays to the woods in the south.  They don't mind warp chaser meat as long as it's a fresh kill."
"The Ring of Blood: Skra'gath : You're murderin' 'em out there, kid! They got a ringer for the next match. They say he's a void lord or something... No way do they want you up against their champion. Did you here that palooka, Mogor, yapping at you? The bets are through the roof!Get in that ring and take this one out fast!"
"Observing the Sporelings : We need to learn all that we can of the sporelings at Sporeggar and their relationship to the creatures around them.  One way to do that is what I'm doing; passive observation while making a note of their interactions.I need you to head over to the Spawning Glen to the west.  Investigate the whole area and then return to tell me what you saw."
"The Firewing Liaison : Over the past couple of days, I've observed a blood elf woman traveling to and from the fel orc stronghold and conversing with the fel orc leader. From her body language, she's clearly issuing orders. But why? Whose orders is she conveying?My curiosity got the better of my judgment and I shadowed her when she left the fel orc encampment. She headed north, to Firewing Point. I stopped before reaching the perimeter of the blood elf outpost.Kill her before she leaves the fel orc camp again."
"The Lexicon Demonica : Recreating the enchantments on the blade requires several spells to be spoken in demonic.It's not something I was taught during my training as an apprentice, but there's no way around it. There's a book, called the Lexicon Demonica, that will provide most of the words I need, but it's in the hands of a powerful Shadow Council warlock.Deep in the halls of Auchindoun's Shadow Labyrinth, it is held by Grandmaster Vorpil. Do whatever you must to secure the book and bring it to me."
"Not On My Watch! : The battle plans were written up by an ogre lieutenant. His name is either Dump or Lump.<Bintook turns the parchment sideways and cocks her head.>It could also be Billy.Anyhow, I think you should go back out there and have a word with Billy or Lump or Dumpy or whatever! Try to approach him diplomatically. If that doesn't work, try using some muscle."
"Shutting Down Manaforge Coruu : Your success at B'naar has given us a great deal of hope, <name>.We've shared our discoveries with the Scryers and in return they've given us more information on the remaining manaforges.Three other manaforges still stand, in full control of the Sunfury army.You will find Manaforge Coruu to the east.  Overseer Seylanna holds the access crystal there.  Obtain it and use it on the manaforge's control console to begin the emergency shutdown.We're all counting on you, <name>."
"The Path of Anguish : Doom Lord Kazzak commands the Burning Legion in Outland. While we can't get to Kazzak - yet - we can and must get to his lieutenants that command Legion troops from the ground.They have stationed dreadlords at the Path of Anguish, east of here. They are the ones responsible for these infernal storms that rain down upon our heads. To take them and their minions out would be a great set back to the Burning Legion."
"The Stones of Vekh'nir : The arakkoa of Vekh'nir have been a thorn in our sides for many years. Some strange religion guides them, a religion which has the arakkoa in a frenzy of activity. They carry these crystals with them now, which they have turned to some dark purpose.I know something of their rituals. They take the crystals to their spell circles to infuse them. We at the village would like to know more. Waylay a few of the arakkoa until you find a crystal, charge it, then return it to me."
"The Ashtongue Tribe : The Ashtongue tribe is feared among all Broken.  It consists of the most vicious and bloodthirsty individuals, handpicked by Akama himself.  They are as fierce and ruthless as any naga, demon or blood elf in Illidan's army and they have been deployed in large numbers at the Ruins of Baa'ri, southwest of here.  Go there and put a dent in their numbers before they get a chance to mount an attack on us."
"Hero's Call: Shadowmoon Valley! : All able-bodied citizens of the Alliance are to report to Prophet Velen in Shadowmoon Valley on Draenor.  The destruction of the Dark Portal has stopped the Iron Horde invasion of Azeroth, but now we must to take the fight to them.  With Prophet Velen's blessing, we will be able to establish a strategic position in Draenor to fight against the enemies of Azeroth.  Glory to the Alliance!"
"A Warm Welcome : While the druids from the expedition have made themselves busy studying plants and researching the lakes, I've made it my business to deal with the hostiles in the area.Ever since we set foot in Zangarmarsh, the naga have launched lethal attacks against us without warning.  We've done our best to keep them at bay, but our resources are limited.I want you to go to the various naga strongholds in Zangarmarsh and show them that we're not to be crossed.  Bring me their claws as proof of your victories."
"Ethereum Data : Look around you, fleshling. Very close to this transponder should be an Ethereum data cell. Locate that data cell, open it, and retrieve the contents.Bring it back to this transponder at once!"
"Menacing Marshfangs : During the orcs' war against my people, gatherers rarely left Telredor for fear of being attacked or captured. Now, we venture out more often, but the marsh is no less perilous.It seems that the nether rays have grown bolder in recent months. I don't know if it has something to do with more competition for their normal prey, but they've been attacking our foraging parties on a regular basis. If we can thin their ranks in the area around Telredor, perhaps they would learn to leave us alone."
"In Need of Felblood : Northeast of here lie the Pools of Aggonar.  Once a sacred site to the draenei, their waters were corrupted after the blood from the demon Aggonar was spilled into them.That blood, though old and diluted, still possesses tremendous power.  Terrorfiends now walk the area, empowered by the pure demonic energies of the original blood.  Slay them and retrieve as much felblood as you can.  I'll make it worth your while."
"To Skettis! : The Barrier Hills are only one of the fronts where we've been deployed.  A less immediate but far more dangerous threat looms from beyond the Skethyl Mountains, from within the arakkoa city of Skettis.A few months ago our scouts detected a huge increase in arakkoa activity there.  Several attacks against Shattrath followed.  We've stationed forces outside of their city since.Take these explosives to Sergeant Doryn at Blackwind Landing, just outside Skettis.  Tell him you're a new recruit."
"The Mistress Revealed : I'm Arelion's friend, but I'm not going to take the beating of my life for him.  His mistress is Viera Sunwhisper.Go tell that harpy of a wife of his.  What's she going to do anyway?"
"Test Flight: The Singing Ridge : I've been fiddling with the Zephyrium Capicitorium and I'm ready to perform another test!  Do you want to help?This next flight should be short, but fast!Um... and although I'm sure there's no danger... I have this, uh, waiver that I'd like  you to sign.  It's just a formality, I assure you!Best of luck!  Talk to Rally to launch yourself, and come back to me after the experiment is over!"
"Potential Energy Source : We are not the only ones battling the influx of the mana beings. The blood elves, too, are troubled by them, but I'm not sure why.Whatever they're involved in over there, they don't seem to be stopping. Instead, I've seen them employ a variety of methods to kill the creatures. The most effective involves magical defenses fueled by some sort of concentrated energy.Capture some of these energy sources and bring them to me. Don't hesitate to stymie the elves if an opportunity presents itself."
"Finding the Survivors : If I know anything about ogres, it's that they like their food fresh. This means that the Mag'har that they captured are more than likely being kept alive until they are ready to serve. It's a sickening thought, I know, but one that we must use to our advantage.Venture to Warmaul Hill and search for Mag'har prisoners. If you find prisoners, then you will find keys to their cages on the nearby Warmaul ogres.Kill ogres for their keys and release the prisoners."
"Fertile Spores : Spore bats and marsh walkers accumulate fertile spores on their appendages from wandering around the tallstalk mushrooms in the marsh.As you can see, we're a short people so our options for gathering these spores are limited.  Seek out the spore bats and marsh walkers and gather the fertile spores.  All of Sporeggar will be in your debt."
"Veil Rhaze: Unliving Evil : Veil Rhaze was a particularly wicked colony of Skettis.Despite the village's eradication by the Auchindoun disaster, Terokk's influence remained in the maligned spirits there. Travel west to Veil Rhaze and slay those murderous wretches. You'll find them to the west of the Shadow Tomb, on the border of Bone Wastes and Terokkar Forest.This will be our first blow against Terokk and the guardians of Skettis."
"World of Shadows : Sky Commander Adaris was seriously injured during a Skettis incursion.  He's been in and out of consciousness since.I fear he has succumbed to a feverish delirium.  During brief lucid moments he demands that I prepare an elixir made from shadow dust carried by the arakkoa.  He seems to believe it will allow him to see into a ""world of shadows"" where the arakkoa's true leaders dwell.I do not believe this nonsense for a second, but I fear he won't rest until I obtain such an elixir.  Will you help?"
"Whispers on the Wind : I have chased rumors of the Mok'Nathal across Outland with nothing to show for it. Finally, we may have found their home.But now that the moment is here, I am filled with unease. Unease that has kept me awake deep into the nights during my search. Will they accept me?I... know their leader's name: Leoroxx. Seek him out. You must be my eyes in this."
"Massacre at Gruul's Lair : You've proven yourself resourceful, and now I think I'm going to put you to personal use in my own fight against Gruul and his sons.The Bladespire clan are the favored of the gronn, and while you may have thinned out their numbers elsewhere, you haven't yet dealt with their strongest.Gruul protects the exterior of his lair with only the toughest of ogres, and it is those that you must kill.  Head north through the Daggermaw Canyon and you will find Gruul's Lair at the end."
"Bane of the Illidari : <David gathers his smithing supplies.>You've done well in getting everything we'll need to reforge the anti-demon blade. Your hard work and dedication is about to be repaid.The time has come to forge the sword."
"A Defector : We've recently been contacted by a Sunfury magister who wishes to join our ranks and swears he has information we're in need of.  We've checked our informants to make sure he's not a double agent and he checks out.He's stationed in Manaforge Ara which makes communication difficult.  Talk to him and see what he knows.  If he's half as useful as he claims to be, we'll be able to put him to good use."
"Drijya Needs Your Help : <class>, it is good to see a helpful face around here.The Burning Legion at the nearby fel reaver heap has become more bold, and I am beginning to fear for our safety here.  The demons are constantly receiving reinforcements from Invasion Point: Destroyer to the south.My compatriot, Drijya, has gone down there to scout and see if he can do something about the Burning Legion's warp-gate.Please find and assist him in any way that you can."
"Trial of the Naaru: Mercy : Four trials you must pass before you are deemed worthy by the naaru.Within the Shattered Halls of Hellfire Citadel are three of your people. They are held there by the merciless one, Kargath Bladefist. He seeks to execute them as a sign of his virility and power. You must save these prisoners before such an atrocity can come to pass. As proof of deed, bring me the unused axe of the executioner. It must not have a drop of blood on its blade!"
"Hazzik's Bargain : Do not draw attention to our conversation.  Adaris would not approve.I belong to the lowest caste of arakkoa, <name>.  During Terokk's rule I would've been sacrificed to the dark powers worshipped by his talonpriests.  If what you say is true and the talonpriests are seeking Terokk's return, then you must prevent them from succeeding - regardless of what your leader says!I've something to offer you that you'll find useful.  There is a package at my old dwelling in Upper Veil Shil'ak.  Bring it to me!"
"Malaise : The magic practiced by the Lashh'an arakkoa is unnatural. They rip out handfuls-clawfuls?-of their own feathers as reagents!That doesn't sound like good magic to me. I've come here to learn more about their spells. Unfortunately getting close is too much for me.You could succeed: cast one of their spells on yourself, then return to me. You'll have to find one of their spellbooks, high up in the trees of Veil Lashh.And unless you've grown feathers I can't see, you'll need to get some of those."
"WANTED: Worg Master Kruush : The poster reads:""Worg Master Kruush leads the worg riders of the Bleeding Hollow clan.  A price has been placed on his head, for his riders exact heavy tolls on supply trains to Spinebreaker Post.""""Scouts report him within Zeth'Gor, and the hero able to bring the severed head of this villain to me will earn the thanks of the Horde, and a large bounty.""""-Captain Darkhowl"""
""
"Return to the Aldor : This book... I could use it to increase my power tenfold...  No!  It would end up corrupting my very soul, this I am sure of.  Return to those who sent you here, <name>.You now have the means to stop Varedis.  Wait until he manifests his demonic form through metamorphosis, at that point you will need to burn the book in his presence.  That will be the only way you can deprive him of his power."
"Killing the Crawlers : Tor'chunk Twoclaws wants this tunnel cleared out so we can expedite trade with Swamp Rat. I must not leave my post here so I am leaving the task in your hands. Clear the tunnel and report to Tor'chunk Twoclaws at once!"
"The Underneath : Something rails the underneath. It beats the ground as if to punish.*Thud*<Untrag beats his chest with his fist.>It makes this sound a hundred-thousand times. Endlessly it beats. The earth reels. It is calling out to us now.Gordawg speaks to me. Gordawg knows that something forces the elements out. Something from the underneath.Go now and speak to Gordawg. No, listen to Gordawg, do not speak. Hear Gordawg..."
"A Lingering Suspicion : The strange magical device resembles nothing you've ever seen before. It's certainly not of blood elf manufacture.As you sense spirits moving closer to the building, the orb glows with a greater intensity, which fades as the spirits leave. There's no question that it plays a role in the corruption of the ghosts.How it works remains a mystery. Perhaps Custodian Dieworth will have some insight if you can provide the remains of some of the spirits along with your observations."
"Watcher Leesa'oh : There's important research to be conducted into the ecology of the local creatures, especially the sporelings and bog lords of the marsh.  And trust me, once you get out into the field, you'll find the work to be challenging.Seek out Watcher Leesa'oh at the Cenarion Watchpost in the western region of the marsh toward the south.  Follow the path west and you will eventually find her.  She can be a bit -- studious -- but don't let that get to you.Oh, and watch out for her cat."
"Creatures of the Eco-Domes : Your work with the lashers turned up some astounding information, but I wonder if it holds true for animals as well.Gathering information on the talbuks that live underneath this dome is going to be trickier than studying the lashers, I'm afraid.Using this tagging device, you can put a weakened talbuk to sleep and apply a tag that I'll use to track the animal as it matures. The tagging mechanism won't work unless the talbuk has expended most of its energy."
"All Clear! : Before we can begin the test, we have to make certain the area is clear of anything that might interfere. In our case, that means these overgrown lizards.<Tashar gestures toward the scythetooth raptors.>There's no telling what might happen if one those decides to take a nice bite out of the generator while it's charging. I've seen a lot of strange things in all my years as a technician, including more than a few abominations that had their beginnings as humble animals."
"Crimson Crystal Clue : As the colossus falls under the weight of your attacks, you notice for the first time that it was holding a red crystal fragment.While it was small and unnoticeable in the mountain giant's hand, it's a fairly hefty piece for you to carry around.  It also suspiciously looks like it's a piece of the giant crystal in the middle of the ridge.It's most definitely a clue as to the strangeness that is occurring here, and you're sure that the druids at the Cenarion Post to the south will want to see it."
"Decipher the Tome : This tome appears to be some sort of history written in a secret Alliance cipher.  Althen, the historian in Spinebreaker Post, has studied the Unyielding for some time; he may be able to crack the Alliance code and decipher the book."
"The Agony and the Darkness : Greetings, <name>. I've deciphered the Legion missive and uncovered the demons' strategic plans for this Peninsula. Apparently, there is a large group of hellish terrorfiends gathering near the Pools of Aggonar in the west. We cannot allow such a force to go unchallenged. You must go there and decimate their cursed numbers."
"Inform Leoroxx! : Quickly, you must inform Leoroxx of what is transpiring up at Razaan's Landing!Those orbs were comprised of souls, some of them Mok'Nathal!"
"Drill the Drillmaster : I'm receiving reports that the Shattered Hand fel orcs, out in front of Hellfire Citadel, are organizing for what looks like an all-out assault.  No doubt, they're not happy about your successes against all of the clans.Get to the base of the citadel, where the Path of Glory ends.  You'll find the fel orcs busy with their preparations, but you're going to catch them with their pants down.Eliminate the one that's in charge of that force.  Kill Drillmaster Zurok!"
"Muck Diving : The most affected elements of water can be found in the Halaani Basin, southwest of here, beneath the abandoned city of Halaa. While some distressed elements can be destroyed without any impact upon the environment, spawns of muck must be physically removed from the world once destroyed.You see, muck spawns leave behind globules of tainted debris that if left untouched will spread and further contaminate the environment.Destroy these muck spawns and bring back their muck-ridden cores."
"High Value Targets : Based on the roster information, we know that the brains of the manaforge operations are the warp-masters and warp-engineers.  It is they who oversee the retrieval of a so called ""warp-energy"" by the manaforge and its delivery to a remote destination via a system of underground pipes.The only other specialists in the area are geologists.  Everyone else is either part of the military or a magister crony; both easily replaced.Get in there and kill Kael's specialists; that's what'll hurt him the most."
"One Demon's Trash... : You look like a capable young <man/woman>!  I was wondering if you could lend me a hand?To the east is the Scrap Field, which the Burning Legion has moved into.  It's full of huge fel reaver parts.  There're also a whole bunch of smaller parts in there that they don't seem to care about.I want you to get in there and get me a lot of those smaller fel reaver parts!"
"Electro-Shock Goodness! : Around the ruined manaforge you will find the run-off of Dimensius's handy work. Seeping sludge occupies the pools that surround Ultris. Directly below those pools, where the Ethereum Staging Grounds now stand, you will find even more run-off in the form of void waste.The best method of disposal is to use electro-shock to break slimes down to globules. Use this elixir to augment your attacks with electricity. The resultant discharge will break the slimes up into their raw form. Destroy the globules!"
"A Hero Is Needed : It is not enough. A hero is needed. Our forces are overwhelmed as the Auchenai continue to grow in number.<Commander Ra'vaj looks at you.>Will you be the hero? Return to the field of battle and strike at their soldiers. Keep them occupied so that my scouts can get behind their lines and see what they are creating."
"Reinforcements for Garadar : <Still catching his breath, the messenger gestures for you to sit.>They may not survive, <race>! Get to Garadar as quickly as your legs will carry you.<In response to your blank stare, the messenger elaborates.>The home of the Mag'har, lies to the south, in Nagrand. Take the southern road out of the marsh, then turn east at the first fork and look for a large settlement on the lake.Find our commander, Captain Kroghan, there and offer him what assistance you can. Garadar must not fall!"
"Find the Deserter : I get the feeling that all the pieces are here, but I just can't put them together in a way that makes sense.I think our best lead is to attempt to locate this deserter. If he left his comrades at the camp, there's a chance you might be able to persuade him to help us understand what the dark conclave arakkoa are planning.Start your search for him along the road in Magma Fields to the northwest. It seems a likely place for him to take refuge."
"The Ruins of Burning Blade : These ogre hunting parties are a precursor to invasion. We must strike at them before they have a chance to amass an army big enough to take over our town.You're going to need to get your hands dirty, <race>.The largest collection of Boulderfist in this region can be found at the Burning Blade Ruins, almost directly east of Telaar, near the border of Terokkar. Go there and show the Boulderfist that Telaar will not bend to their will!"
"Essence for the Engines : As the X-52's chief of engineering, I have to see to it that the nether-rocket's main engines are in tip-top shape.Unfortunately, I haven't built them yet.<class>, I'm in dire straits here!  I have almost all of the parts.  All that I'm missing is the engine core.Luckily for us, I think we can make use of the essence from the local mana wraiths to jump-start the engines.They can be found near most of the glowing trenches in the northern part of the island.  Except for here in Area 52, of course."
"Sunfury Briefings : Something about these manaforges has been bothering me, <name>.  Naaru technology is incredibly advanced; it should've taken Kael'thas years to even begin to understand it.Information-gathering on the subject has been difficult as Kael's army is well disciplined and destroys all evidence of written communication.We've been informed Manaforge Duro is under attack by mana creatures.  It is possible that those defending it have not yet destroyed their briefings.  Obtain them and bring them to me."
"The Multiphase Survey : I'm sure that 'gnomish inventor' is a crackpot. He was babbling about some dark distortions that have begun to appear in the Spirit Fields around Oshu'gun in Nagrand.According to him, these, uh, multiphase... um, spectro-goggles will allow the wearer to see the distortions and take readings from them. He insisted that recording this data was fundamental to our campaign at the Sunwell. I think he's nuts, but I'm under orders to investigate anything that might help. Would you mind taking some readings?"
"Now That We're Still Friends... : Reports have come in that the naga of the Bloodscale Enclave to the northeast continue to kill our people.  We thought that you had dealt with this, <class>!I suggest that you to teach them a lesson as proof of our continued friendship."
"In Search of Sedai : Hear my plight, <class>.  My brother, Sedai, left long ago to contact the orcs of Mag'har Post.  Ever the idealist, he thought the time was ripe to set our differences aside and negotiate a peace with them.He's been missing for days and I fear for the worst.Would you set my mind to rest and look for him?  Sedai must be somewhere nearby to the east."
"Rebuilding the Staff : <Ravandwyr inspects the staff, noting that part of the headpiece seems to be missing.>Simply barbaric! Ekkorash must've taken the staff's crystalline headpiece for use in some other trinket, not realizing that it works in concert with the rest of the staff.As long as it remains broken, the staff's power is greatly diminished. With a suitable draenei crystal, I should be able to repair it. I've heard the goblins remarking about the crystals carried by the ghosts at the Enkaat Ruins to the north."
"Ethereum Prisoner I.D. Catalogue : I am in need of more I.D tags, <name>. What I've discovered thus far is that this is not just a way to catalogue prisoners but it also documents locations!Once this code is broken we'll be able to pinpoint exactly where all of our allies are held and free them with minimal hostile action received."
"Withered Basidium : A close inspection of the basidium reveals a number of indentations that might have once held something. The alien mass of fungus presents something of a puzzle. It's far from healthy, but you have little clue as to what function it might normally perform.Perhaps someone more familiar with the denizens of Zangarmarsh would be able to tell you more about the basidium."
"Laying Waste to the Unwanted : Now that we've gotten our salvage operation off the ground, it's time to begin the second phase of the plan.Across the Path of Glory, the Horde still has their old blade throwers trained on us. Don't let their age fool you, <name>, they're still very dangerous. Much as we're working to reclaim what we can, we can't assume the Horde is going to dismantle their weaponry.Take this torch and burn the remaining siege equipment. I'll take no chances with Honor Hold's safety."
"A Timely Summons from Shattrath : The blazing star holds a peculiar alignment this cycle, calling out across the heavens. Seek out the sage Vormu in Shattrath City, and lend her your aid."
"Message in a Battle : Ogres are moved by one thing: Might. If we expose ourselves to them as being weak, they will take advantage of that weakness and wipe us out.Garrosh might be ready to lie down and let the ogre dogs take our lands but I am not! I need you to deliver a message to the Boulderfist, <name>. The only type of message that they are capable of understanding: Brutality.Travel to the Burning Blade Ruins, southeast of here and show them the might of the Mag'har.And <name>, check in with the others before leaving."
"The Inconsolable Chieftain : You have done so much for the Mag'har, <name>. Your accomplishments are known to all, including Garrosh. Go to him now and tell him of your latest victory. Tell him that you do what you do for him and his people. Surely he will be lifted by your words."
"Helping the Lost Find Their Way : Many spirits of the draenei were corrupted by the explosion of Auchindoun.  Now they wander the wastes in torment.<name>, I beseech you to put them to rest.  Destroy the lost spirits and broken skeletons that haunt the Bone Wastes beyond Auchindoun's walls.What?  You think leaving them to wander in blind agony would be better?Afterward, return to Soolaveen at the Refugee Caravan and tell him of that which you have done."
"The Great Fissure : We're dangerously close to becoming fenced in by Alliance forces.  With the influx of sin'dorei pilgrims from Azeroth, we must establish a route that's safe from our enemies' prying eyes.I've given it some thought and have arrived at a solution.  We're to establish a secret path through the Great Fissure.Yes, even though the area is crawling with brutal rock flayers, they are merely beasts and can be taught to fear us.  I want you to go and kill a good number of them.  They shall learn fear."
"A Shabby Disguise : Open the package, <name>.  It is a disguise.  It doesn't look very convincing, does it?I craft them for ethereal smugglers in search of rare books.  There is an arakkoa scribe who dwells in the central island in Skettis, Terokk's Rest; his name is Sahaak.  He is old and nearly blind.Use the disguise to speak with him and obtain the book known as the Adversarial Bloodlines.  Be careful, <name>.  The disguise won't fool the other arakkoa."
"Lines of Communication : One of the reasons Ikuti led us to Zangarmarsh was to help open the lines of communication between the draenei and the Kurenai home city of Telaar in Nagrand. In order for messengers to pass swiftly between Telaar and Telredor, the roads must be secured.On our way here, we were attacked repeatedly by marshfang slicers. We were able to fight them off, but they would pose a formidable threat to a solitary messenger. Reducing their numbers will help ensure the safety of our messengers."
"The Tomb of Lights : To the east, buried under the charred sand, is the Tomb of Lights, a lost resting place of the dead.  Before our caravan was ambushed I was going to journey to the tomb and cleanse it of evil spirits.  Little did I know it was already infested with another kind of evil.  Even now the ethereals plunder the bodies of the fallen for trinkets and keepsakes that were given to the dead centuries ago.  There is little I can do while our caravan struggles to survive."
"A Dire Situation : With their wolf pack reduced, the Horde is looking for replacements.  Unfortunately there's another source nearby.The Bloodmaul ogres in the ravine below to the east keep a strong pack as their own sentries.  I hated sending you to kill the Thunderlord wolves, so why don't we do something different this time?I've derived a magic powder from the dust that naturally falls off the wings of our fey drakes.  Sprinkle it on the Bloodmaul dire wolves to make them undesirable to the Horde."
"Wyrmskull Watcher : Hmm, I'm not certain what we should do.  I'm not much of a military planner.Watcher Moonshade will know what to do.  He's heading up our defensive efforts at the Wyrmskull Tunnel to the west at the end of Wyrmskull Bridge.  We have a force out there just in case the cultists try anything funny.Please, take the note to him with all due haste."
"Krasus's Compendium : The Kirin Tor sent one other of Krasus's possessions with our expedition. It was his spellbook, called Krasus's Compendium. Containing all the spells he mastered, it lent us a much-needed advantage in the war.Before Kael'thas and his forces laid siege to Kirin'Var, the compendium had been stolen from me by a rebellious apprentice intent on studying necromancy. The apprentice and his followers divided and studied the text in secret, locking themselves inside their houses in the southern part of town."
"Searching for Evidence : Whoever is behind the transformation of the spirits has been very deliberate in their actions, taking care to target the most powerful mages first, but why? The kind of magic required to influence the spirits of slain Kirin Tor mages must be very powerful.Why would a powerful mage go to all this trouble? I'm inclined to say this is another plot of Kael'thas's, designed to cause more misery here. If there are blood elves here, they're likely to be hiding in the houses across the covered bridge."
"A Question of Gluttony : I was wondering why the bog lords were crossing the road to go to the Spawning Glen - they must be starving for some reason.  This just will not do!I mean, normally I wouldn't get involved, but if they continue to eat all of the sporeling pods they'll wipe them out!Here's what we'll do: I'll stay here and you head to the Quagg Ridge to the east and look for dietary clues as to why they're raiding the sporelings."
"The Dead Mire : I have lived among the anchorites of Telredor for some time, <name>, and in that time I've come to know the marsh quite well. Recently, I've started to notice a disturbing change in the land to the northeast.Virtually all life there has begun to wither and die, seemingly without explanation. I have a few ideas as to what might be happening, but they are little more than speculation. If you were to bring me a sample of the soil in that area, I may be able to get to the bottom of this mystery."
"Return to Shattrath : Your actions, while brave, will surely rouse a vindictive response from Terokk.Hurry to Shattrath. Send word to Rilak!"
"Report to Nazgrel : <name>, during your foray with the Demoniac Scryer, I sent word of your exploits against the fel orcs.  Nazgrel, our illustrious leader in Thrallmar, wishes to speak with you.  I believe he has a bloody mission in mind..."
"It's a Trap! : There's nothing more that I hate in this world than the sons of Gruul and their father!  They slaughtered my people, and my children, and now I will have a taste of revenge!I have fashioned a trap from some dragon fire, and if you're clever enough, you might just be able to use it to kill a gronn.I'm sure that you have a particular gronn in mind; it matters not to me which one you kill.  Just hurry, take the trap to your Commander Stonewall.My thirst for revenge must be quenched!"
"The Flesh Lies... : You see these corpses, <race>? Arconus is responsible for this slaughter. He's sucked them dry, leaving nothing more than a fleshy husk. But don't let the bodies fool you! Inside those corpses lie flesh beasts, waiting to pounce on the unsuspecting fool that gets too close.I've got my orders. I must remain here until backup arrives. That doesn't mean that you can't take my igniter and destroy the withered corpses that litter the mines. One way or another, the mission must be completed."
"Bloody Imp-ossible! : The blood of the warp chasers in this area is a powerful and rare reagent. It's one of my biggest sellers.Normally, I take my imp, Zeppit, out to help me gather it. Warp chaser blood is simply too caustic to be handled safely by you or I, but it doesn't bother Zeppit.Things are getting busier here at the shop, so if I send Zeppit with you, will you help gather the blood? Zeppit's attention tends to wander, so you'll need to be close to the chaser when it dies for Zeppit to do his work."
"Sha'naar Relics : As I've told you before, I do not require eyes to see what others cannot.  I will not pass judgment on what you did on Makuru's behalf, yet I think you need to see beyond what your eyes show you.Travel southwest to the Ruins of Sha'naar and salvage any relics you find.  If fate wills it you will find what we need.The meaning of my request might not be immediately apparent.  Have faith though, <name>.  Clarity comes to those with patience."
"Shatter Point : <name>, you've done a great job here at the front, and you showed a lot of talent with that armored gryphon... I think I have another mission in mind for you.This new mission launches from Shatter Point -- an attack base the Wildhammers set up on a floating piece of land near the Portal.  It's a little unnerving there, but you have tough guts.  You'll be fine.Talk to Wing Commander Dabir'ee and have him send you to Shatter Point.  From there, report to the gryphon master Runetog Wildhammer."
"Forge Camp: Mageddon : <name>, we have reason to believe that the easternmost forge camp is not yet complete. The Legion's gan'arg servants are working 'round the clock to get the facility up and running. We can't allow that to happen. Head east to Forge Camp: Mageddon and slay 10 gan'arg. Bring me the head of their master - Razorsaw - and the Legion's fel reaver production will grind to a halt!"
"Fel Orc Scavengers : Scavengers, orcs of the Bonechewer clan, skulk about the ruined battlements overlooking the Path of Glory.  We must assume that these fel orcs are gathering war machine parts for their masters within Hellfire Citadel -- they must be stopped!Find Bonechewer orcs to the north, <name>.  Find them and slay them!  But use caution, for although these orcs are the lesser of the fel orc clans, their strength is the match of any green-skinned orc we've faced thus far..."
"Death's Door : Now there is an even greater threat from the Burning Legion.  To the south is a portal known as Death's Door, which opens upon the horrific world where the Legion breeds its deadly hounds.To get there, exit Evergrove by heading east up the ramp.  Follow the path south, through the Bladed Gulch, Razaan's Landing, Razor Ridge and the Scalewing Shelf.  Then, take the ramp down into the Vekhaar Stand and enter Death's Door through the tunnel, south of Mok'Nathal.Once there, use this druid signal."
"Doctor Vomisa, Ph.T. : On the outskirts of town to the east are the Proving Grounds.  Our top experimentalist, Doctor Vomisa, has been toying with a combination of fel reaver, ethereal, and of course, goblin technologies there.This is in no small part thanks to your gathering efforts Junior Technician 3rd Grade, <name>!Go to him; I know that he'll have a solution for saving Area 52.And since he's likely to use you as a test subject, if I were you, I'd bring some friends along just in case."
"Glowcap Mushrooms : I've seen your kind use shiny round pieces of metal to trade for things that you need.  We're not so different from you.  We use shiny round mushrooms as our currency.Glowcap mushrooms grow everywhere in the marsh, you just have to know how to pick them from the ground without wrecking them.  I'll teach you how to do it, if you promise to bring us some for our reserves.  What do you say, <name>?"
"The Count of the Marshes : This bloody mandible comes from an unbelievably large creature. The nether ray that it belonged to has to be the largest ever seen in Zangarmarsh. Judging from the condition of the mandible, the count must've abandoned a diet of carrion in favor of living flesh.Surely the Cenarion Expedition would be interested in such a specimen. Watcher Leesa'oh has a small camp to the west of Quagg Ridge."
"Dust from the Drakes : The Alliance has recently moved in to the west, using their elven magics to grow a town and grove in a short matter of time.  We must keep their defenses weak so that they do not also grow a spine.I have a plan that will do that and more.  I want you to traverse the bridge to the southwest, which crosses over Bloodmaul Ravine and leads into the Living Grove.Attack their fey drake defenses in the Living Grove and bring back the magical dust that sometimes can be found upon their wings."
"Baron Sablemane's Poison : Here, take this to your master. I'm sure that whatever the reason, Rexxar will put it to good use.Oh, and do be certain to remind him that he owes me.He knows what I want, and I'm certain that however he intends to obtain it for me, I'll be seeing you again sooner than you think.Now, do be a good little <boy/girl> and run this up to Rexxar."
"Sketh'lon Feathers : There is one last element missing from the staff. We must direct the staff's power toward the Dark Conclave spirits.We can do that by gathering feathers scattered on the ground at the Sketh'lon Base Camp and using them in the staff. The base camp is to the south, east of Wildhammer Stronghold.Gul'dan's magic utterly destroyed my brethren, leaving only their spirits, but it did not stop there. The magic fed on the spell the arakkoa were preparing, forging a sinister force that engulfed the spirits."
"Ruthless Cunning : <Lantresor hands you a pack full of banners.>These are Warmaul ogre banners that I recently acquired.I want you to travel to Kil'sorrow Fortress, directly south of here, and kill as many of the Kil'sorrow filth as you can find. Drive a Warmaul ogre banner through the heart of each fallen Kil'sorrow soldier. Return to me when you have completed this task and the other that this plan requires."
"Thick Hydra Scales : Reavij was wise to bring leather armor. This swamp will render my mail useless before long.I've been replacing the scales bit by bit as I'm able. The hydra in the marsh have thick, protective scales that stand up well to the dampness of their home.Finding suitable ones is a tedious process, though. All too often, the best scales are torn or worn too thin for use in armor. Bring me any good ones that you might get from the hydra in the larger lakes."
"Patriarch Ironjaw : You've done well in gathering the first pelts.The final piece of the vestments requires a pelt unlike any other. There is one particular wolf, an old and cunning one, that has earned his place as the patriarch of the forest wolves. He is known among them as Ironjaw, the mighty hunter.In my visions, I have seen him wandering the northeastern region of the forest. Including his pelt in the vestments will surely light the wolf spirit's path.Do not mourn Ironjaw. He will be well honored."
"The Dying Balance : Have you observed your surroundings closely, <name>? This is an ailing landscape, struggling to keep itself in balance and losing the fight.If you know where to look, you can see the symptoms. Members of some species rapidly outgrow their peers and become more aggressive.A good example of this uncontrolled growth is the marshtrekker Boglash. If you wish to see it for yourself, look no further than the waterways south of the refuge.Be prepared to defend yourself. The creature knows no mercy."
"How to Serve Goblins : Why would fel orcs steal my shredder parts?  I hate them so much.  They just sneak into my camp here and take things all the time.  A couple of days ago they stole three of my peons!  Now the rest of my peons have run off because they are afraid they are going to be eaten by fel orcs.  I can't run a mine without peons.  If you could save the peons that I lost maybe the others would come back.  The fel orcs have their camps along the wall to the southwest."
"Testing the Antidote : I think there's something we can use in the blood as the base of an antidote. Don't look at me like I've lost my mind!It's a common theme in nature. Often, the cure for something can be derived from the toxin itself. That's just what I aim to do.Ridding the boars of their demonic influence would probably eliminate their aggression and give us insight into how to best attempt to help other species."
"Once Were Warriors : I do not know you, stranger, but I ask for your help. I feel shame for this, but I am only one orc.Emotions have surfaced that I have never felt. I... I seek vengeance. Blood for blood. Do your people ever feel this? I wish to pick up my axe and split my enemies in two. To swing the weapon until my arms fall lifelessly at my sides, exhausted.Sunspring Post is directly south of this procession. It is there that you will find our enemies... Kill them... Kill them all..."
"Survey the Land : To be my eyes will require some diligence on your part. Nethrandamus will take you through the Legion camps, but you must catalog everything that you see. Even the smallest detail that you may think to be inconsequential could be useful for our purposes.Primarily, I want you to note what structures are in the camps and what comprises the camps' defenses.Nethrandamus is ready when you are, <name>. Do not be afraid, he will keep you safe from harm."
"Unruly Neighbors : The recent arrival of the fel orcs at the ruins to the east both puzzles and troubles Thander. They wasted no time in starting to construct fortifications and repair the buildings.The construction goes on day and night, <name>. I've dispatched one of my most reliable agents to keep watch, but we can ill afford to delay action. Move against their workers, then seek out Theloria Shadecloak at the Allerian Post to the north of the Bonechewer Ruins. She'll give you further instructions."
"The Longbeards : We were having a problem with arakkoa bandits raiding many of our supply caravans, so I hired some dwarves to take care of them.They were brothers; Gremni Longbeard was the oldest.I'm a little worried about them.  Those crazy dwarves packed more ale than food or ammunition!  Maybe you can go check up on them?The arakkoa's hideout, the Den of Haal'esh, can be found to the far west of here - beyond the Great Fissure.  They set up camp northwest of there, south of Dustquill Ravine."
"Trial of the Naaru: Strength : Four trials you must pass before you are deemed worthy by the naaru.The trial of strength is divided in two. You must destroy the leader of the Coilfang Steamvaults, Warlord Kalithresh, and bring me his trident. Slay the extra-planar being known as Murmur, in the Shadow Labyrinth of Auchindoun, and bring me his essence.Do this and you will have passed the trial of strength."
"Ridgespine Menace : We hired on to help Toshley when he decided to move to Outland, and we've been on the move ever since.Now it looks like we've finally put down some roots.  All of the crazy scientists have their projects going, and us Roughriders are here to protect them.What we need right now is for you to go north into Razor Ridge, or east to the Scalewing Shelf, and keep them clear by killing the stalkers.  They're stealthy spiders that live amongst the rock outcroppings, and jump unsuspecting passersby."
"Cannons of Rage : There is a second production facility, Forge Camp: Rage, that lies to the immediate northeast of Thrallmar. The demons have positioned a number of their fel cannons along the ridge - and they're aimed straight at us! You must enter the camp and destroy these fel cannons. <name>, you must be sure to detonate them all - or nothing will stop the Legion from raining fiery hell down upon our heads!"
"Minions of the Shadow Council : <Zagran listens to you recount the events at Legion Hold, nodding.>That fills in the gaps we've seen. We've caught glimpses of them launching infernals in the direction of the hold, but haven't been able to find much more than that.The Shadow Council has the forge pretty much locked down. Looks like you're going to need to fight your way in. Start eliminating the Shadow Council guarding the entrance to the Deathforge!"
"Return to Honor Hold : <name>, while you were on your mission in Zeth'Gor, I received news of my commanding officer, Colonel Jules.  He was stricken with a demonic corruption while fighting near the Gor'gaz Outpost, and his situation has grown very bad.You have made such great gains for us against the fel orcs.  Your strength in battle is without question... is your spirit just as strong?Please, return to Honor Hold and speak with Klatu, in an upper room at the Honor Hold inn."
"A Message to Telaar : You've been honorable in our dealings, <name>, at a time when trust is hard to win among my people.A large group of my brethren have made their home in the old draenei city of Telaar in Nagrand, to the south. To reach Telaar, take the road south into Nagrand, then continue southeast until you find yourself in the cliffs east of Oshu'gun.Anyone who has aided us, as you have, would be welcome among the people of Telaar.Seek out Nahuud and tell him you have earned my trust."
"The Great Retribution : You did well against the Ashtongue Broken, <name>.  I have another challenge for you, should you be up to it.Not too long ago, the Sanctum of the Stars suffered a tremendous attack by Illidan's fel orcs.We've determined it was perpetrated by the Shadowmoon orcs who occupy the Ata'mal Terrace.Show them that the Scryers are not to be trifled with."
"Surveying the Ruins : I have to get over to the Ruins of Farahlon to start my excavations!  The problem is that the place has been infested by demons!Maybe you could do some preliminary work for me?There are three locations within the ruins to the northeast where I want you to place surveying markers.  Each is near a draenei banner.Return to me when you've managed to place all three markers."
"Vestments of the Wolf Spirit : Generations ago, when orc clans still called Terokkar Forest home, the wolf spirit played an important role in their lives. When the orcs departed, they had no longer had any need for the spirit and they left it behind.In time, the spirit grew lonely and it too left the forest.I believe I can bring the wolf spirit back to his ancestral home, just as we orcs have returned. The ritual will require me to create vestments from the pelts of the wolves of the forest to guide the spirit back to its home."
"WANTED: Bonelashers Dead! : The bonelashers of the Bone Wastes bit Mawg and made him sick.  Now he wants all of them destroyed!While they can be found throughout the wastes, they are known to congregate at Carrion Hill in the north.Return to Mawg Grimshot after you've done the deed and he'll give you a good reward."
"The Respect of Another : Magasha is the fiercest troll in the Marsh, but she only respects mighty hunters.   I tried to prove myself to her, but the one beast that could impress her is beyond my skill. Maybe you could help me out? It's the giant bog wasp known as Blacksting that roams the area south of the glowing draenei towers to the west. If you bring me its stinger maybe she'll give me a chance to join her hunters.  I know it's a little sneaky, but I promise to learn under her and do ya both proud."
"Withered Flesh : We must determine how far the damage has spread. The basidium you brought me comes from a bog giant. Their larger, hardier cousins, the bog lords, should prove more resistant to the degeneration that's struck the giants.It would be good to know how the changes in the Dead Mire have affected the other creatures out there, too.Return to the Dead Mire and see if you can get samples from the bog lords and the hydra in the area."
"The Battle Horn : Perhaps we have taken the wrong approach to the Unyielding? The tome tells me the Expedition Armory was destroyed by orcs and death knights long ago.  The Unyielding remain here as vengeful spirits trapped in an eternal battle against the fel orc clans.  They think only of revenge.  We must arrange for them to defeat their most hated enemies.  Enter the Expedition Armory once again and find Lieutenant Commander Thalvos.  He carries a battle horn that can summon the Unyielding.  Bring it to me."
"The Earthbinder : You should take the crystal lump over to the earthbinder.  She's just like you... always needing to get to the bottom of a mystery and thinking all of the time.If you ask me, she thinks a little too much.Just give it to her and I'm sure that she'll get you into a heap of trouble figuring out what is going on up there on the ridge."
"Return to Thalodien : It would be best if this information got back to Thalodien as soon as possible.  I'll stay here and cover our tracks.It wouldn't do us much good to have Kael'thas find out what we were snooping around here.  Secret information is always better if your enemy doesn't know you have it."
"War on the Warmaul : We were en route to the Ancestral Grounds when we were ambushed by Warmaul. They came from all sides, killing several of the procession guards and many of the others. They even desecrated the remains of the elder in the wagon.And for what? So they could humiliate us and display their power. Not even Boulderfist would have sunk so low.I am a spiritual orc, <name>, but even I have limitations. Find the attackers at Warmaul Hill to the northwest and destroy them!"
"A Promising Start : We've come here to investigate rumors of a strange breed of dragons, perhaps even descendents of Deathwing himself. These are clearly not ordinary black dragons, though.We'll know more once we've had a chance to examine their eggs. Their hatred for my flight runs deep, so I can't get close enough to gather the eggs. Will you agree to help?"
"Needs More Cowbell : Where, oh where has my Bessy gone? After the attack, I searched the fields and the Chapel Yard for her, but she was nowhere to be seen!All I have left of her is this old cowbell. She usually comes running when she hears it, but these feeble old bones probably couldn't shake it hard enough.I'll loan you Bessy's bell if you're willing to go out to the fields and ring it as hard as you can. Perhaps all Bessy's waiting for is a little more cowbell."
"The Unending Invasion : Kael'thas's assault on Kirin'Var began with thundering noise and a bright flash of light in the officer quarters to the northwest. The destruction there was the most severe and after the withdrawal of the blood elves, a strange thing began to happen.Beings of pure mana began streaming into the village from all over the area. For now, we're containing them as we can, but with more information about the weapon Kael'thas used, I hope to cut off the flow of mana creatures entirely."
"Searching for Scout Jyoba : Now that you're familiar with the terrain, I'd like to ask your help with something else. The Dead Mire, we've taken to calling the area to the northwest, is an eerie place. No one has ever reported seeing anything alive there, but they didn't stay for very long, either.Scout Jyoba volunteered to investigate the area and report on his findings. He left the post three days ago and hasn't returned. It's not like him to be gone that long without sending some kind of report. Will you search for him, <name>?"
"Escape from Firewing Point! : Thank goodness for you!<class>, I need you to help me escape.  I have information vital to the security of the Allerian Stronghold and probably all of Outland!I came here from the Cenarion Expedition on a diplomatic mission, but as you can see, they weren't very friendly.  If you help me get to safety, I can assure you that you will be handsomely rewarded!We won't be able to do this on our own - you do h"
